0117CBUj98k8MKQp8svI The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel. :) Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation, and it couldn't have been better! The staff was very polite and helpful, and the rooms were very clean, and they had some of the best beds I've ever slept on! Not to mention the view was amazing! If I had to rate this hotel I'd definitely give it five star, next time I'm in town I will most definitely stay there again!
02GRaAeUBioqRjtkICm3 The elevator system was impossible. It seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse. Many people waited 15+ minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells. It happened several times. I had read about it before booking but guess I didn't take it seriously. It'd be a deal breaker for any future return unless I heard clearly it was improved. Also, I always think it's lame that you have to pay extra for WiFi. Area recommendations North Michigan Avenue and Lake front areas are best.
02kds25RFtpa6DJL21y6 Chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great "small" hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin. The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us. The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect. Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there. We will stay there again. 
051iyY6PUKLzJbPalu9K Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again. 
05P7vUPmaePGNE1MbNnr My fiancee and I were looking for a modern, upscale venue for our wedding reception. We have found the perfect location at The James. From the ballroom to the personal attention to detail, each step was handled with care. Now that we have locked in our date, we are more excited than ever. Thank you staff at The James for making our day even more special!
07I2RiEXiuvkfEkSiByp Just returned from a one night stay at the Knickerbocker, and I will not return. It came nowhere near being worth the price I paid. Hotel Burnham is twice the hotel at half the price! The bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly. We had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered (which frankly may as well have been paper towels, nothing plush about them at all). We didn't have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered. Room service cart was left outside our door all night. All in all, it was a very disappointing stay. The only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location. And for me, it's just not worth it.
0FDXvbQeh09TzPaj1IKA Stayed for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu. 
0KKybu8INQQhZo94iynE Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again. 
0MToxUvIFjSsmlJKJjGd We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor, but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel.
0WiCwAVvPQlKK8eh76Xg We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th, 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave, just two blocks from the Mag Mile, two blocks from Millenium Park, and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request. 
0cwdKtQmbtCtJRbXN6KS I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
0d0dPWf7lFXPnaV2yHQp What I thought was going to be a romantic Chicago Weekend turn out to be lackluster. The Swissotel Chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not. First my reservation was messed up instead of getting "the classic room with a view" we were put in what I guess is their classic king. The view was nothing to write home about. When I called the front desk to complain about the situation I was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid. I asked how could this happen when I got a confirmation? The clerk simply said "probably a glitch sorry is there anything else I can help you with?" At the point I hung up the phone as I knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen. When we checked out I told a manager what happened and He said there was nothing we can do sorry" I expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination.
0dicitbqsgWtbnwWrWUr Rude, rude, rude! We stayed here on July 4th weekend. We drove from Michigan, we called customer service to get directions from I-95 w/c is a major highway to Chicago-- calling them from a cellphone, telling them we're in a middle of a storm and that we're lost....we were put on hold, forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again. Giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a 7-11 store. When we finally arrived at the hotel at 2 am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves. Checking in we were not greeted by anyone, even the receptionist did not greet us!! no welcome to the knickerbocker, nothing! The man at the reception was rude, which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has. The guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at 2 am!! Well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there 2 hours earlier. The room is not even spectacular, very small, probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet. Stay here at your own risk.
0nrq2IczRm8aFwPK3F5D Upon my arrival at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago I had to wait to be helped by a bellman for 10 minutes while I waited outside in the towncar. The bellman that ended up assisting me dropped two of my suitcases as he pushed his cart through the lobby. The front desk service rep was busy on the phone when I approched and raised a finger to me to hold on while she finished her call. Once I recieved my key and entered my room I realized that I had been checked into a dirty room. I called the front desk and asked for a new room and the same desk rep. that I had previously checked in with told me that there wern't anymore available rooms. She told me that I needed to come back down to the lobby. As I approched the desk I heard her yelling at a housekeeper. She then told me that it would be a 15 minute wait and my room would be ready. I didn't have the energy to complain at that point having traveled on a plane for the past 4 hours so I just sat in the lobby waiting for my room to be cleaned. While I was waiting I watched another person being checked in and they were not only given a room without a reservation but they were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge - why was I not given that suite after what I just went through? 35 minutes later the desk rep came over to me and let me know that my room was ready. I went back up to the same room that I had previously entered. It was clean but there was no toliet paper and no towels. I called back down to the desk rep and she said house keeping would be on thier way with the items. If my stay wasn't already horrible enough after I changed and went down to the 312 retaurant connected to the hotel I ended up having to wait 30 minutes after the reservation I had made to be seated. The meal was ok but nothing like I had expected it to be when I read about it online. I can honestly say I will never be returning to this hotel nor this restaurant.
0piKbzmyA57D3LFO3SkC The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel has seen better days. I had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel. I booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced, not so great property. I had to look at five suites before I found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking, some of the other rooms carpet was not clean, the refrigerator was dripping water, and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts. I finally settled for a room, only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was I should have turned around and walked out. I sent a letter to the management when I returned home, but it had been a month and I never received an answer. There are plenty of other places to spend your money. Don't leave it at this hotel.
0r3jYoCK45YrLhCrA4lA I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago in Chicago, Illinois. I must say, that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities. There are spa packages, room service, and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star. They take reservations, and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building. Whatever you need, they will accommodate you. This is heaven on earth! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel, even if its for one day, its worth it.
0uI7wpIuOiMSi1e57c5X OK, we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect. 
108VnG4bc8ByPDDFzpx7 Stayed at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations. And what a disappointment! Paid just under $200 for a "deluxe king", and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction, a dirty, badly "rehabbed" bathroom, itchy sheets, no down comforter!! (just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar, and plenty of rude, inexperienced staff members & managers (def. not a 3 or 4 star staffing!!) I do live in Chicago, and have stayed at a wide range of places. I know that for $200 in February, you can expect a great hotel. As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi, choosing it over say, the Palmer House Hilton, Hotel Sax, Sutton Place, Hotel 71, was a huge waste. Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere. Not worth the price at all, don't let their pictures fool you. Also, I wouldn't say that our experience was just a rare mishap, the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation, i.e., new lamps.
125hnJ22cJc133Mzta9R While visiting the Chicago area, we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay. As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago, we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved. The problems began as soon as we arrived. The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton. And, when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for, the situation only got worse. Rather than apologize for the error (my credit card receipt was on hand) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable, we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms. I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder! With no choice but to retreat back to our room, we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay. A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop, but don't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism.
12SK4t7FTrEw77WGJSR4 I travel often and whenever I travel I prefer to stay at Hilton properties. I am always satisfied with my stay at Hilton. locations. However, I have never stayed at a Homewood Suites location. This property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when I arrived. The lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful! My room was in great condition! Absolutely no complaints. I just figured that a property like this should be recognized. Great job staff!!!! I will definitely return in the future!
13FP7Y8OeoJthhiwMemy I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at the. The receptionist up front was a snooty, sarcastic teenager or post teenager. You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner. The room was dirty, stains on the carpet, the showerhead was moldy and rusted, the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches. The towels had a horrible aroma. The hotel is very narrow, so we were near a construction zone so, I would plan on waking up at 6:am if you choose the Talbott. The next day, I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room. That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop. I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day, if were not out by noon. I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm. Please stay away from this hotel, I think a Holiday Inn would be better. Andrew F. Gulli
198o7uAXPg7QEwnM3wyh Hi,Stayed here for three nights recently,From check in to check out all Staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us,directions,restaurants, transport,nothing was too much trouble,The dinner from monday to thursday 5-7 was a wonderful surprise,also the breakfast was more than adequet,Stayed on the 15th floor and slept soundly,Hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller.Restaurants and shopping all within 5-10 mins. 
1Fkd0gQRjV7aA9zeddBs I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
1KS9gqNqB2t6tvd9OhS7 I was on a business trip to Chicago a while back and I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the InterContinental Chicago Hotel. I say unfortunate , because from the first moment I walked in my experience was poor. The front desk made me wait a very long time and I had to resolve an issue with my reservation. My receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that I supply a personal credit card for the room. I understand their precautions but I travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation. Once that was all taken care of (several phone calls later) I was taken up to my room. It was nice and I was glad to finally be there, but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip, even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room. I was very happy I only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk I got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me. I will hopefully not be staying there again, and will suggest that it be avoided by all.
1LAZAvcshueEMMyNyjlD I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs!
1LaFjXejXzikAAqiZXI8 The Chicago Hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic. The hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city. The room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful. I can't really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there. 
1LvSkpq5tEKnvRrL46Vu My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up! 
1MVSus2V4I3n13711PrG I only stayed out with my boyfriend for one night, however enjoyed my stay. The staff was friendly, the room was nice and clean, the hallways and ballrooms etc were elegant. Room service was quick and had good options to choose from that actually tasted great. The staff was able to extend our check out time for an extra 1-2 hours without an extra charge to the room. Great location too! Walking distance from the Art Museum, Millennium Park, Grant Park (right across the street) and a quick cab ride to McCormick Place. If I were in the city again I would love to stay there again. 
1OLdvidAOZQiQkk08HpN Superhigh Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary. I told my wife that I would take care of everything. I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location, it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features. The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine. The problems for us started when we went to our room. I have sinus problems, so I didn't notice the smell in our room, and my wife didn't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend. We couldn't find the remote for our television and we didn't call down, we were trying to be good sports. We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn't have a pool or hot tub, swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation. Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room. My wife and I don't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee. If that wasn't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control.
1QK5VHGCdpPQCRPYXtjb I had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time.
1dcnAb9ZZyrWyKDxRsx4 The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
1fkWtYSYvM56Mhzd8jm7 The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister. I loved the room. It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in. The view was incredible. Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. The staff was very helpful as well. They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful. I would suggest this hotel to anybody!
1oThiTzPBjoVQkEQLAHb A lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very, very well appointed, but not large, and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately, the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost, and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings, not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built, well-furnished hotel.
1sfS72IFwDM8Q0Uc0QCt We stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room. The rooms had just been renovated, but the changes did not make much of a difference. The room was so small, it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat. The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room. We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room, but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers. We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them. It would not have mattered if they sent a second set; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers. As hotel guests, we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for. We were severely disappointed.
21jl365VxqszmTAJ29g0 I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels, however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro. Even before my visit, concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see, and booked tickets in advance to Second City. We were welcomed warmly on arrival, and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel. All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience. The hotel is next to City Hall, where I had some business. We had a large quiet room, and used room service-the meal came quickly, and included a a bonus fruit cup. Enjoyed the pasta night (20 dollars for a three course meal) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful, the main pasta a bit too salty. And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish, if you want attentive service, this is the place to be. Thank you, Hotel Allegro, for a great stay. I can't wait to return. 
240IvwgvHJnsmwEfnIdk I stayed in this hotel during a business trip, and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar, a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed, but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident, despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait. Long story short, I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone, anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager, who promised to call me back once she researched the incident, and have yet to hear back, despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.
26Qw2C6McQdum6yKPINj Arrived at 1:30am only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel. If you party and stay out all night anyway, this hotel would be fine. But don't plan to get any rest if the club is open! Front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while I was checking in. She was fine with me and gave me a corner room, but sure wouldn't want to be on her bad side.
28qVJUZY91REiiZCurN7 I had really high hopes for this hotel. The location seemed great and the prices were too. Unfortunatley, you get what you pay for. Despite being located near the miracle mile and navy pier, there weren't many other redeeming qualities. The staff was very rude. We arrived late after a long drive from Detroit and found nobody in the lobby to help us check in. Once we finally got checked in, our room hadn't been cleaned and there was trash left over from the last people. We were told the cleaning staff had gone home for the night and they couldn't get to it until morning! We had planned on seeing some of Chicago's attractions like the Field Museum but we could hardly find anyone to help us out with where to go. Their website advertises lots of specials and packages but we found absolutely no way to purchase them. Finally, when we checked out, they had charged our room an extra cleaning fee because the cleaning we requested on the first night. RIDICULOUS!
2AlT7gLbw3wmt9gk8jzK If you're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago, you have to stay here. The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home. The perfect place for a business person, and if you have a small pet you can bring them too! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again.
2HDqOQ4bHrPmTwHHCbAU We were at the Hotel Allegro for an Industry Analyst event. I could not have expected worse. At first glance, you figured it couldn't be too bad as a Kimpton. The unfortunate issue - service and the people were excellent. However, the rooms just sucked. Imagine your normal hotel room and 1/3 that size. Cramp in a king size bed and add a bathroom that's also 1/3 the size. The building has that old hotel smell where things are musky but covered up with some paint smell. The bathroom has showers with modern fixtures but remind you of that nyc studio you rented with 5 other people out of college. The paints peeling on the base boards, the carpet is new, but something is wrong. I would stay at the Marriott, Renaissance, Westin, or any where else.
2PgezlvJ6SVBpZnDg2XZ If you are looking for a true luxury experience, Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go. I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience. I did not get it. Check in was not a pleasant experience. The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The room was ok, no roaches or anything, but it was small and cramped. And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel. The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning. When I asked them to come back later, they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back. And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth. I don't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what. The room service food that I ordered was fine, but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it. When I called the front desk to complain, they apologized, but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food. They have a restaurant at the hotel, but I did not bother to try it. The prices were ridiculous, the menu was limited, and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel. I was really disenchanted with this experience. At $400 plus dollars a night, I received mediocre accomedations and poor service. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
2QhiMDV8Nck2W9FGQGlp I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area, the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also, the bed was comfortable, but there was not a top sheet, just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space, cleanliness, and value for the money paid.
2S2g5QK826GHz9yrbfto My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend, we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels, they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet, construction going on behind us and we never heard anything. Beds comfy and so were the quilts... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return. 
2WCoNzGmLDD9dHs0XowG I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent. I was given a very large room with great views of the city; the breakfast was extremely good; and the location was as central as I could have wished for. The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims. In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too. Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago. 
2d5BRRWlwkEb6QCFS6cJ The Knickerbocker hotel was one of my favorite hotels to visit. My wife and I utilized the park & play package, which gave us an amazing room, complimentary valet service, and a great kit to plan our weekend around. It was well worth the price and we both wish to go back again. The rooms were top notch and the hotel's staff was excellent. One of the employees, Craig, helped us find our way around the city and this shows the Knickerbocker really cares about its guests. We loved our visit and are sure you will too. A+
2dC8KIpohRNCJ0YKvcZ1 I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
2ghcN9kUnENeln77vIqU I stayed at the Affnia hotel in Chicago and was extremely unsatisfied. I would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel. I paid $700 overall for 2 nights in a cheap, small, untidy room. Granted, I've stayed at hotels of similar quality, but never have I paid so much for one of them! I could not believe what I saw when I walked into the room...it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall (that had been painted over). The breakfast I ordered wasn't terrible, but certainly wasn't good. The wifi connection was horrendously slow. If you want to spend a big buck on a hotel, fine...just don't spend it here.
2hK8IQD1WWp8EW4xxXZ2 Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
2hz7EZkqQ2TE1PuFnWuv Upon entering my hotel room at The Palmer House Hilton I immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom. After placing my bags on a poorly made bed I walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet. I immediately called room service and asked for a new room. They apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess. After oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door. She seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if I should have been the one dealing with it. After the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip. I hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room. I thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod. Yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor. And nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air. When I was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own. If I wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa. After giving up on a nice television program I decided to retire to bed. Egyptian sheets? Right! All I can say is I found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour. If you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel.
2l9kFdNDFRlvcxDRRfBK I truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. We stayed in a suite, which was clean and extremely nice, at a very reasonable rate. My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool, but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck. Service was excellent; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area.
2mpSDvdLPgiG0786VqfT Great building and location, but... staff is indifferent, you have to pay for WiFi (after $300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi), no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that, if you move anything from the minibar, they have sensors that automatically charge you. This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room didn't work. Also, we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over. Definitely is not value for your money. You're just paying for the Hard Rock brand. I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel.
2nUNbLG19bFyTnXKHb25 Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
2oCUzmh8sqblxs6BizGl I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere, but they give me the option to bring my pet with me. They are a dog friendly hotel, it costs $55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you, but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you. I loved this option. They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats, food, bowls and doggy clean up bags. I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel. 
2p2FWSGBxKdVvSCS7nZF I traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness. The service truly is incredible. They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after. The rooms really rock (pardon the pun). Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets. The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out, but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better. I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets. 
2ssV0N1xMWIKJLirsky3 Stayed at this hotel with 3 friends or 4 nights. The hotel was clean and tidy, throughout. The Concierge Christopher was excellent and helped as with all our needs, gave us discount vouchers etc. Hotel was in excellent position. 3 blocks from John Hancok Building and more importantly The Cheesecake Factory , Bloomingdales 3 blocks away and the Water Tower Shopping Centre 2 blocks away. We went to the huge I Max cinema which is about ten minutes away. Cant wait to go back to Chicago and The Affinia 
2ypd1WQqy05ymBtTfali I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location, as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city, so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very, very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge, absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That, and the best bed ever, meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week, that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back! 
2ytRyMaPcSG0aks9qFqk I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience.
30Jr5o3GU5cMeKZ4IcgY I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.
312anvbF7h20JQfGOOPO when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick, however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around. they seemed as if we were taking up their time. when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions, and after having to pay $10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow. the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain. overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it.
320aO08WkhkffI7RSXvp The hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night. For THREE consecutive nights. There was simply inadequate soundproofing - even 14 floors above the street (OK - 13 floors as there is no 13th floor). I hesitate to write this review but I rely on Trip Advisor reviews when traveling, and had I been warned about the ambulance sirens, I would have chosen to stay elsewhere. If you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value. Conveniently located. Wonderful staff. But quiet is a key priority for me so I would not stay here again. :(
334kGhThdUEmadQo2s3r I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park. 
33B4NLmwQH7cLl1AsE4d I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. 
34C4kGBF9eOb0AODGUaH For starters, I had trouble reaching the front desk. Every time I called it would ring endlessly! When finally I did reach someone, she was snooty, impolite, and altogether unhelpful. Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area. As I was there on business, I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted. Unfortunately, this was not the case. After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local "internet bar." As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were, the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing.
3Bin1hOFIK8N1prc7NFI I must say, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. My wife and I were blown away by the penthouse fitness center and pool all the way up on the 42nd floor. Very well designed rooms with great linens and pillows. The bathrooms were a nice change of pace from the boring hotel bathrooms we usually see. Overall an excellent experience here, great views and close to everything you could want to do in Chicago.
3CGWkU4Me0mLPlWZtvyd IMO the Amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on TA. This is basically a Holiday Inn. Half of the rooms overlook an alley / loading dock. The hotel is not more than 6 or 7 flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at 5 am. At 530, when you are just nodding off again, they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast. This is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank. Any room within 100 feet of the elevators will hear the noise. Reception was a bit tacky and the "staff" was a little rough around the edges. I didn't see a single business travellers while I was there. Valet parking was expensive (usual for Chicago) but was very slow. Just ok. Explore other options.
3COPfMOsOO16qCjNCAam For a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel, I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location. The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed, and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot. The food is good, location is great, everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.
3CmRHW2sC0TDrcFXiLCC After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again. 
3GIclj05wQLQP9N4t0qW Very beautiful hotel with a wonderful view. The dinning selection is one of the best I have seen in Chicago. I have stayed many places downtown Chicago and nothing matches this. I am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well. The shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors. The biggest thing that I have to say is that the Customer service was great with everything that I needed. I give the hotel a 5 out of 5.
3IZeXta0jJeQcRhS2Iqv Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted. Great Bar (draught Stella and Guinness) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there, good food, lovely staff, large clean rooms, comfortable beds, spot on location for the Golden Mile, Joey's Pizzas next door are fantastic. Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please. Highly recommended 
3Itq8exryTTEMIHSGLw7 When I had to visit Chicago for business I asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the Hotel Allegro. After my stay I can honestly say that I agree. From the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities, everything was thought of. The only place I find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home. I now know where I will be staying every time I have business in this city, and anyone I know who is doing the same will hear so.
3JD3ubiPx0O0jtXTspac I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it. 
3JdO4cneqNoXdohZm0OM My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all. When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered. I am highly dissatisfied.
3KHzioyuHoC3lBf0hTLB As I sit here in my 14th floor room at the hotel Allegro, I listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left. She seems to have a cough today. In the room on my right, someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit. I hear the water running and the toilet flushing. I also hear footsteps in the room upstairs. Even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms. I've stayed in about a dozen Kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst. The room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains, the curtains with a large brown stain (I don't want to guess what it is), paint peeling, rips in the wallpaper. The decor is a bit garish, with Pepto-Bismol covered walls, green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet. The size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable, but I'm so glad I had earplugs to avoid listening to others' toilets flushing all night. The location is good for downtown theaters or business. Only three elevators serve this 17+ storey building and they run very slowly. Chicago has many nice hotel options -- many I've enjoyed quite a bit. Unfortunately this is not one of them, and even more unfortunate for me: I'm stuck here for two more nights. I was looking forward to staying here because most Kimptons are hip, comfortable and attractive. This is not.
3KrFs24Cf6IeUC4AlMCr I don't know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others. This hotel was for me: over priced, fingerprints on the walls, stains in the bathroom, funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning, parking/valet was time consuming, and same thing with the elevator. The back to the 1960's furniture is not for me, and what about the breakfast? Better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer. Oh sure it is a Hilton, woopee! You pay for the privilege of sleeping there. Saw a couple of bed bugs, but took a shower in the morning, and they seemed to wash away. I won't be back to Hilton Homewood Suites again. I'd rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money. Think that I'll be happier as well.
3OJuGCnqs52Xc08GIDWs Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well 
3VI4hGi6jiFMbQjF9iHo As a frequent traveler for work, I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago, this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member, you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night, all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.
3amBp0sXP34ILx86lL9v The location of the hotel is great, right on the river and Michigan Ave. Almost everything is within walking distance. At the price, though, and given the 4 star hotel, we expected better walls. Our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors. The sound from both rooms came in loud and clear. We heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone (he clearly wasn't speaking loudly), and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk. We asked them to be quiet (I shouldn't have expected that to work with some young drunks) then called security, but they did nothing. I was completely annoyed with the noise, especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one. Unless you are in Chicago to party, get drunk, and not get any sleep, I wouldn't stay here.
3eG80pnxpMVdI3uia5N5 I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels.
3iNYdoi0czJKiV9XhNfd The Ambassador East Hotel, located in downtown Chicago, is one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed in. My wife and I went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the Ambassador East on a hotel booking website. Their rates are very, very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide. I was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn't find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend. I was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer, which is nice because most places in Chicago are very impersonal. All in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area. 5/5 Stars. 
3itxGfnqjdc8ivrnRJKp If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago.
3iuoTv5B8ompTOlIjLjq My family and I recently attended a wedding in Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel. It was much nicer than we expected. We are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this, by far, was one of the nicest places we've stayed. The beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - I was concerned that we would get a rickety 1970s crib! The bed sheets were so soft that I wanted to take them home! We will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in Chicago.
3ldO78WFiwuzJCZl1Uap This was our second time staying here. We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi (based on how well the first stay was). It turned out better than our anticipation. The beds are very comfortable. 2 headed showers with a large bathroom. The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out. Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout. Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit, pastries, juice and coffee on our floor (breakfast is on every floor). No great view from our room, but I don't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors. We didn't need to drive, take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located. We easily walked to bars, blues clubs, restaurants, the hancock tower, the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel. The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour. Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats, cheeses, peppers, and breads. This ran from 5:30 to 7:00, and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner. This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening. And an extra money-saving tip...park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie. Its $24 per night during the week and only $6 per night on the weekends. I think the hotel charges $30 to $40 per night to park. 
3n2fe8C64iabpwucWm7g Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city. 
3sgV369SbtwwDMWnEIHy Very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have. Don't miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar. Spacious rooms. Perfect for business and for theatre guests. A little quiet area during weekends. 
3wjOEFUcxbDtUd3kvehr I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably, the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake, which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle, the Director of Catering, honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract, she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed, it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered, to schedule the tasting, etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email, and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding, but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together, and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right, I don't know what would have happened. Thus, if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job, I would have had a great experience. But, as it is, when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel, I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing, considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
3xY2FuiwjOTdt6giR6hG Hotel is located 1/2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you're traveling with luggage and/or kids. They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking/valet fees. Rooms feature either double or king sized beds; no queen beds at all. If you want a little extra leg room in your bed, the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff. Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge, too.
3yaydYPaHVFEEmWJkwL7 I work for a software marketing firm, and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year. I spend a large amount of time in hotels. I normally don't write reviews for hotels, but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond. Let's start where it matters: the rooms. They are top notch. There's nothing better than walking in to a clean, beautiful rooms after a long day of travel. The beds are among the best I've ever slept in in hotels. The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home. The price: Low. I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels, and everything else was at least 10% more expensive. But you don't get what you pay for here. You get much more than that! The location: Couldn't be better. You want to go to a world class restaurant? That's within walking distance. You want a great shopping experience? Again, walking distance. Anything else you want? Chances are, it's within walking distance. Overall, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.
3zPsHxMdnoXGqoZ2iVyN For our anniversary this year, my wife and I stayed at the Conrad. We're from the suburbs, so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us. It's expensive, so we expect the best for our money. This was most definitely not the best for our money. It wasn't even a good deal either. The problems began right off the bat. When we got to our room, we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room. It was like walking into a dusty attic. When I sat down to watch TV, it turns out it wasn't even connected to cable or anything. I kept changing the channel, but it was nothing but static and white noise. I even looked for another remote. After we left our things, we went out for a night in Chicago, but coming back, the smell seemed to have gotten worse. I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms. They moved us to a different room, but they had no explanation for the smell. For a single stay, that was more trouble than it was worth.
3zqpjygbEl0rlKEdR9Rg The Palmer House has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant. The rooms are way too small!!! Two people in a room with a King size bed can barely move around. Not enough room for two suitcases. Our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie The Shining. VERY NOISY!!!! Don't expect a quiet stay. You can hear EVERYTHING that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways. We requested a room change as soon as we checked in. The room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes, bricks, dirt and dust. Oh and the construction for their renovations starts at 7 a.m. during the week. We will never stay at the Palmer House again. You are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel.
475v3VYQzSk10IYjZyqE The best service!!! The staff here was incredible. You never had to lift a finger. The room was huge as hotel rooms go. The view was phenomenal. Location great. What a great weekend. We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately, it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad!!! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm. 
47M9HFFtRSNMvoiaIjCY This hotel was very poor with customer service. They were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers, and their guests. I had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning, and it took a long time to get a response. Very disappointed.
49TfZiDBS1SNojiA2YNo DO NOT STAY HERE!! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James. We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations. What a mistake. Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website. The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled. There was also a musty odor to the room. When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude. We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
4FzGRuD2uyRpUk2Ng2Ky After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit. 
4I0fVhJHXR5ehTkkeSjS Firtly they took $372 off my card, even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night. They had no business taking the money off of my card. So on the 28th Sep I contacted them and they admited to the mistake. It is not a month later and I have called them about 6 times in all and they have still not paid it back. Secondly I booked 8 rooms at buy 2 get 3rd room free direct with hotel. When I looked a week later, they had only booked 7 and refused to offer me the rate 3rd room free rate, so two of my friends didn't come to the trip away. Thirdly I asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken ASAP as the dollar was weak against the pound. After about 8 phone calls over 5 months (each saying they would) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional PS150. Overall, the hotel was nice and in a nice location, but I will never be staying there again due to all my problems.
4ImgSM4ExVJmkJTulstf This was a great hotel, one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time. My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn't believe the KimptonKids program at the site. We will be back next time we stop in town. We cannot think of a better place to stay. 
4Z47YQd38bWz7Dt9NANN Stayed for 3 nights. booked via hotwire, upgraded to historic tower. Got a big room, with a nice view.Service was great. Valet parking was efficient, but you expect it for 53 doller/night. But the location was the best 
4mS6T2i7iYvZrPe64rWH Booked a room w/ a queen bed for 2 nights for a wonderful NYE, and was rather disappointed. Bed was either the world's smallest queen, or was actually a double, not to mention it was uncomfortably springy. Some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used (q-tips). Lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly. When the tv was off, there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv. Hot water was very inconsistent in the shower. It is in a great location, however, next time I will try one of the other hotels in the area like the Intercontinental or Marriott. This might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business, but I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic night or two.
4nFpMmTChCmv3ZzccBUJ My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep). 
4qiY5bCrgFuuVxp6XC6H Me and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features. We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco. We decided to stay for 3 nights. When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights. The staff was upstiff, and didn't not offer much hospitality. Our room did have a view, but of the city lights and kept our room bright, even with the curtains closed. The beds appeared soft, but did not offer much comfort. For what we paid, we expected more.
4qpVLNJzqPz8nrJgrNhn The James Chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The only good thing about it was that it was located downtown, so I wasn't forced to stay in it any longer than I had to. The receptionist was rude and snobby, my room had dirty towels in it, and i found numerous small insects in my room. Furthermore, the gym and spa were closed while I was there. Nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences. Next time I will take my business elsewhere.
4tA6FGYnjDx3NOwpXW9R Although the InterContinental Chicago Hotel is located on "The Magnificent Mile," our entire experience as guests there was anything but ....believe me, the "magnificence" ends at the hotel entrance! From check-in to check-out, our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific. First, there was an error with our reservation, and once we got to our room, we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked, so down I trudged to the registration desk--where I had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes--to ask for help. The first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to TV noise coming from the next room; we weren't sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls. Then, dog tired the next morning--even though we had hung a "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door handle--in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand. Following that rude awakening, I was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife, who, upon entering the bathroom to take her shower, was greeted by an incredibly large roach! Breakfast--actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel--were served cold and were somewhat tasteless. We were routinely ignored by the concierge, who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him. Trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in. Of course, there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart. Getting out of the InterContinental Chicago was, believe me, the best part of our experience as guests there.
4trv1F5NINVX4EUrPPcx We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We were excited to try the Swissotel, but left disappointed. The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude. The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call. He then did not say more than five words, which were "I need a credit card". The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy. The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a "night cap", that was last call. That was fine for us, but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a "night cap" but did not make last call. Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees. There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer, no need to stay at the Swissotel again. Definitely don't stay if you're looking for a romantic weekend away, the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door.
4v5Dgixi6YxIUrrqztBV Extremely disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
4y3one0kelIYDrV3J4Lr I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business, but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it! The accommodations exceeded my expectations. My bed was very comfortable, the room was big enough, and the shower was so relaxing. I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J's express. The fitness center was clean, and inspiring. I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area. 
4yk1bDpPWlJzEQq2aJB7 I booked my room at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers somewhat reluctantly; I was not enthusiastic about spending over $200 on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online. Unfortunately, my hopes were dashed once again when I arrived at my room. I say 'at' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working, I had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in. The room was painfully small-- if I didn't know better I would have thought I was staying at a Red Roof Inn! The "sweet sleeper bed" had stiff and scratchy sheets, with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet. The disappointment continued after I entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke, but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible. I stayed my two nights, and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room (for which I was not responsible), charged on demand movies, an empty mini bar, AND for smoking in the bathroom. HAH! I have stopped payment on my credit card, and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again.
51TSlX4DSoa3UNANex0O The Hyatt Regency Chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they're staying in a Nice Hotel as soon as they enter the lobby. In other words, come here for the looks, not the amenities. They make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process.... you know, because a simple washing machine just isn't good enough. To me, this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being "rich"--which most of them are not. Meanwhile, the hotel doesn't even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me. Obviously I'm not the intended consumer, though, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
54EJezXDcVW7SvI4q5Mx My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one; although, it was intended to be for five days, it only last two. When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez. The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him. When we checked in, we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it. We then returned to Lobby, and to our dismay, the hotel had Double Booked the room! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a "better" room. The bed was unbearable, the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes (although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep. However, it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room. I needed an Ambien to go to sleep. I woke up with backaches, the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day, and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room. Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt.
54OhlgqDGHVHVyknCxM4  My wife and I's stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers proved to be the perfect complement to our time spent visiting and exploring the Windy City. Upon our arrival, we were immediately welcomed by the beautiful design of the first-floor lobby and the friendly demeanor of the desk and bell service staff. In seemingly no time at all we were in our clean and well-furnished room with a beautiful and peaceful view of Lake Michigan. In terms of accommodations, I have never personally stayed at a hotel that I could complement more. On our very first night, my wife took advantage of a message therapy session while I swam a few laps in the heated indoor swimming pool. We followed our time apart with a very relaxing time at the Chi bar, which had a very enlivening and laid-back atmosphere. Retiring to our rooms, I couldn't help but remark to my wife about the quality of our room and the bed in particular. I had a very comfortable night's sleep and woke up just on time thanks to a spot-on wake up call from the desk staff. After a quick bite to eat the LB Bistro, we headed out to sight-see. Overall, I can't recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers enough. As far as this customer is concerned, it is the only place to stay if you are in the Chicago area and are looking for accommodations with the best customer service, atmosphere, and amenities. I couldn't recommend it more. 
54WPSAk5lpKBGYC3tdjH Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile, Navy Peir, The museum of contemperary art, lake michigan and upscale boutiques. This hotel is great for tourest. it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets. It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy. IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws, while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar. Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in.
597FLxfDcBCTuCRmwsbf We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently and had a great experience! My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago. We are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained, luxury properties with many amenities and the Omni Chicago definitely fit the bill. First of all, the hotel is all suites. We stayed in one of the "Premium Suites". The accommodations were definitely luxurious, with premium bedding, very nice robes for our use, and a choice of pillows. We used the hypo-allergenic ones, but I believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers. We were pleased to find that the TV was plasma, we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don't wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of TVs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home. There were actually two TVs in our suite. There were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access, a wet bar, an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside. The location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the Miracle Mile, with so much to do practically at the Omni's doorstep. I also treated myself to the Windy City Massage, which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite. The masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin. It was extremely relaxing and I was so pleased to find out that I could get this at the Omni. It was easy for us to see why the Omni came so highly recommended. I also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly, recommending several excellent area restaurants. However, we think our best meal was at the Omni's 676 Restaurant, where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and I had the carrot soup and the Lake Erie Silver Bass. They had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff's guidance. Lastly, the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby Art Institute of Chicago, which was a highlight of our trip. We loved that there were multiple museums so close to the Omni! We will be frequent visitors at the Omni in the future, where I will definitely be getting the in-room massage again. We are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the Omni for a great Chicago experience!
59uRj3oNBVbgEJP1vCa3 I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say, that you definitely get what you pay for! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised. I was sorely mistaken. The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved. They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room. I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind. After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant. My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times. Each time we asked them to fix it, they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff. After dinner, we went back to our room. Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night. The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them. When I went to the restroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one. We just didn't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in. I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional. He pressed really had and hurt my back. Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way. I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later! Once I got sick, I was done. I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night. I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable. After a lot of arguing, he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel. This was the worst place I had ever stayed! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious!
5CzWzpewfTWl8rTf2blW Overall the hotel is very nice. The rooms are spacious and well-appointed, but they tend to be aging or dated. My bathroom was particularly below average, with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead. The toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed. The conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant. I hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they're getting kickbacks from places that otherwise don't get enough business on their own. Breakfast was very good. It's a relatively large european-style spread.
5OFBwqjOgRceoNeFvJMd I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks. 
5ONSZ3sKNJSF9coRsOlZ Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage. The 'view' was of the 'inner courtyard' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms. You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night. They no longer have in-room coffee appliances. You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room, or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald's. Internet access is not free ($12.95/24 hours), the "Gift Shop" is a joke (tucked away in the corner of the coat check room, Concierge services have limited hours, and the business center is open only during 'business hours' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours." I would not stay there ever again, nor do I recommend it to anyone. I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express!
5URO5COjuf7KEsd89fC6 Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.
5Uv3xbQXP809BlZfj4Kd I stayed here in the last weekend of September 2010 for the Bears vs Packers Monday Night game. My room rocked! I had a pretty big flat screen, and a super soft bed. The room was clean and stylish, and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out. My favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home. I definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax.
5VLyY68QHvdOZXDWuOnq We loved this hotel and would definitely come back. Initially we weren't given a goldfish, which was disappointing, but then we left a tip for the housekeeper, and she rewarded us with one. We had fun sipping wine and playing Wii in the lobby every afternoon. The staff were quite friendly and helpful, even printing our boarding passes for us. Our room was very comfortable, with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper. At first we were worried about noise, since our room was next to the elevator, but we hardly heard it, and didn't notice any street noise either. The hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated, well-lit, and ideally located. 
5WfXYXCvElKgoQduJAE4 I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
5ZPEKaIveJzcbiIMRl39 I arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California. I didn't know about the renovation when I made the reservations, but that didn't bother me very much. I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben, who was friendly enough, but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay. He gave me NO information about anything. I had no idea where breakfast was served, or even if there WAS breakfast. There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk(she wasn't wearing a name tag but was African American, slim with short hair) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility. It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say, made me feel unwelcome. I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel. I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit, and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness. I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners. No matter what may be going on in one's life, when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile. I was appalled by her demeanor. My room was alright, there was no clock which I found very odd. Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct, especially upon waking up in the morning. It would have been nice to have a clock. There was also no literature on local sites, maps, restaurant menus, or even anything with the hotel's name and address in the room. Also, the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I've ever slept on in my life. I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck. I've had better sleep on a hard, lumpy futon. It was absurd. Like another person posted, my tub did not drain either, and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found. Maybe they were around somewhere, but I wasn't made aware of it at check-in, and I didn't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance, but I absolutely would not stay here again. I've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel, which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations.
5eC01b3Go7W3Hyv8PLJV Stayed in old tower. Room was nice and room service was very good. Room Wi-Fi was expensive as was the bottled water. For the price of the room, at least there should at least have been water. I would rate the value as sub-par. The restaurant menu was not great, food mediocre by comparison to other downtown Chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant.. In summary, I will go to the M... or H... next time. Some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of North Carolina and earlier this year in Northern California. P.S. If you are a fitness room user, the $16 per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel.
5gpRbf5O2a0kzPgyQ845 This hotel has a good name and a good location in Chicago. Unfortunately I was very unsatisfied with this hotel. This is a luxury hotel, so you are paying luxury prices. So, I expect to get my money's worth. Unfortunately that was not the case at the InterContinental. Firstly, my room was surprisingly small and unclean and could probably use a renovation and an upgrade in the furniture. Again, this is supposed to be a luxury hotel, and it's expensive. I shouldn't be worried about why the carpet and other parts of the room seem dirty. I also had trouble getting the room to the temperature I wanted. I'm not sure if there was just a problem with the air condition in my room or if it's a problem in the whole hotel. The building is old and I suppose it has a lot of problems from being old. Secondly, I was disappointed with the quality of the service from the hotel's staff. I thought they were somewhat rude and inattentive. Thirdly, this hotel has a lot of additional expenses. I felt like they wanted to overcharge me every chance they got (use of the fitness amenities, internet, etc). When I'm already paying so much for a hotel room, I get very irritated when I feel I'm being nickel-and-dimed every chance they get. This hotel has a nice looking building, and again, it's in a terrific location. But I really don't think it's worth the expense. There are so many other hotels in Chicago to choose from that are so much better.
5oLXvoFxzRAdDR5o4hB3 This is a tough one to review... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average.... 2 is where it was. Here are my tips and props/complaints: Room: 1 Star. I had a corner suite. The room was pretty nasty actually (2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!). There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above. When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding. After an hour, I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong. Well, the sound continued on for 3 days. Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise... but it sure would bug others. Also, there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa. In addition, it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa. Also, there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat. I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either. *gags* Bathroom: Nice size but not great. The faucet was lose (really lose) and the toilet would not flush right. Service: Great. Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome. Good stuff. Food: I had meetings there, so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made. It was really good... much better than most hotels. Bar: Very cool. Good music, great service and good drinks. The scene was decent as well. Small bar, but was not cramped. So, maybe other rooms are nicer... well hell they better be. Regardless, if ONE room is like that (especially a "suite"), I have to think others are like that as well. It is too bad though. The views are great and they actually have windows that open... big shocker for the city in general!
5pUPhMTZuPsLXAhbNqlU My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff. Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance, but they rooms were also clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests. We'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant. Fabulous food!
5vVAbsxqxqNY9493ZbP6 This hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions.
62D8Kykg7SSOyyaKavnP Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
6D9sWgKL0x6JW41gvZx9 I stayed at the Hyatt for a two nights on a business trip. My room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and NBC Building. Both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently. The hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area. I would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend. 
6JuXJTP0bt6SIfuI6DLZ  If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
6Lhh4H7jixpPGPSWx8t2 Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s. 
6LpmM3KEER7xEUFCAEi1 Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to "sit tight" and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a "parlor room," with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That's real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn't do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of "inside tower" rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.
6MOL9IONyqB4UfEcRpeu I recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to attend a corporate meeting. To say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement. I stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels. My room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style. A fully stocked refreshment center, wet bar, and LCD HD TV were amongst the standard items. The Allegro is in the center of everything, the Chicago Loop of the financial district, the Chicago Theatre district, great shopping on Slate Street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel (I suggest the 312 Lunch Club). The fitness room is well equipped and clean. The professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the Allegro. My next visit to the Chicago area will definitely include a stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago. 
6RUDT6D3sEY3eVmqP69N I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all.
6VlByLPFzqmYzjPJ11Zo This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had an amazing view of the city, especially at night. Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds. There was a desk and chair, large bathroom, comfortable chair and reading lamp. There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker, that included Starbucks coffee. We would definitely come back again! 
6WCfxlBbOYOj98NGa7cX The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
6b3Uvy4ytWW8iNwfHVOz Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower. 
6gEiEuuEaooHdSrJEd07 I will never stay at Conrad Chicago again. The employees were rude from the begining. When I asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like I was an inconveniece. The bar staff wasn't much better. The maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay. Do not go there!
6jOHr2LslpDBTnybKwUo Set up an important meeting for some clients at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. They were flying to Chicago for a special trip to checkout the music scene and to discuss business with my company. Naturally, they wanted to stay here. The client really seemed to like their rooms, but felt the Paul Reed Smith room was too cramped for our day-long meeting (330 sq ft.). In a panic, I contacted the HRH staff and they actually had another, bigger, room available. We quickly moved our meeting in the Birdland room for the rest of the day and the meeting was a rousing success. (Birdland room is 660 sq ft.) We have a new client and so does HRH. This is where the client wants to stay every time they fly in for future business meetings with us.
6jpkpKW9TchABerZMIeC What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster. The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in...they knew we had 6! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel. When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other. After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor, unfortunately one of the rooms hadn't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around. The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating. On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am. Despite my calls to the front desk, the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes. We also didn't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly. One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door. I understand they allow pets, but really...people need to clean up after their animals...or have some dog free floors. While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms, their service was terrible, the staff was rude, and I still can't get over that dog poo in the hallway. I definitely won't be staying here again.
6kamxAoVKqbGqiEyj1dZ The Ambassador East Hotel is a pretty girl with a bad heart. As i was staying for a few nights I notied may problems with the service of this expensive,cold hotel.First the room sevice was poorly helpful, the bag boy insisted on a tip, and also droped my bag. The chefs cooking was terriable,the steak that I spent 35 dollars on was suppost to be rare, but came to me burnt. The room was not what you pay for, the beds were like a sack of rocks. And to top it off the covers smelled like smoke. I will never give the Ambassador East Hotel another chance.
6ru0T1DcC7pPSejJwFqV We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 
6tXSUaypTYgOZUlRZBmD I needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money!
6xodKb6Iu5VK041wjtLx Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle.
6ycHZmHbZ1tLJZ7aZkaH Will not stay here again. We were here pre-construction so didn't have the noise problems that others are now experiencing. But room and service quality were so poor that we will not return. Our suite was large enough, but it was dirty, dated and worn. The bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly. Public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days, disgusting. We (politely) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed. We had paid for the King Tut Package, which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit. They had no record of this and didn't honor it. Of course, the exhibit was sold out, so our main reason for visiting Chicago was ruined as we weren't able to see this part of the Field museum. My (also polite) letter to Hilton and the manager was never acknowledged. Very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding Hilton in general when possible.
71CTRH0yBwaoH65xXDzf We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203. This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside, we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town. 
7591neFhrwhWvHIfT9je In the 100 degree heat of a Chicago summer, it sucks if your air conditioner does not work. After 2 maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue I was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room. I requested a room change and a not so polite, unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity. Maybe a manager could help me in the morning. The next day went by and no call was received. At 7pm, I called the front desk. No one was aware of my problem. Approximately 45 minutes later, a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available. I accepted it was glee. Anything was better than a room that does not cool below 78 degrees in the middle of summer. I was paritally correct. The bathroom door of the new room did not close. Thank god my boyfriend and I are past the shy part of the relationship. As for room 1618, I believe I was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner. What's unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room. And did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna! This hotel need a major overhaul!!
79m2X08UrbSzlByDF3DB What a gorgeous hotel! From the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the Sheraton and in Chicago. The heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better, and to top it off with great restaurants, you couldn't ask a hotel for more! Starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we'll be back every time we visit Chicago. 
79qH6E2vUAmOQBWxaSTB I had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay.
7FGz4GVEdfu0krtLlP88 The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock.
7HNjfGjmDlhvDChT6fBw A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.
7HdwCCHK6gsBl0oxugrO I was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at Affinia Chicago! When I arrived to check in, my reservation that I had made, (and confirmed), 2 weeks earlier, was not in the computer.I had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me. The whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone, while the office phone rang off the hook. I had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room.I'll never go back,dont waste your money.
7Jjy6Vo9pNWsTHTU5f1l My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic! The hotel was clean, modern and everything I had hoped for. The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations. All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates.
7LqTXCivAUZSy89RVyFN great expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures, the tv was from the other century, no minibar, no wireless internet, no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room, those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room, small bathroom, rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center, 0,59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection, you have to pay to use word, or excel. NEVER AGAIN!
7P614SNyJlh1rCpCcINM I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I couldn't be happier with are choice. The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home. I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city.
7WelnhXAKYQqBjKPSaIn Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+ 
7aE5SMBTCEHQTc1fzUab Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay. 
7e7iiLNGsAQgR3Qf29HC This hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back! 
7hMGQnkZ8tbcoWmnJyni The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury. With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking. This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire. with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best. With it over looking the great Chicago area. So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff.
7jhJ8GoK4e9jcL6Qoze8 I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel, after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately, it was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off, it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy, affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side, complete with sidewalks, quiet tree-lined streets, real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums), cute boutiques (instead of Gap, Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and, of course, Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches, cherry colored wooden furnitures, area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan, getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous, ample bathroom, double sink, massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around, do a chicken dance, and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room, but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us, so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service, or lack thereof. I mean, seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say, a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First, I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off, she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff, to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly, nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in, which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule, I am never, ever, a big fan of room service, having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity, 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks, lukewarm soup, bread hard enough to knock someone out, and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service, but lo and behold, they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT, which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin, microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it, the L and T looked like it was 2 days old, the B was unrecognizable, and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was, instead of apologetic, defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving, it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back, unfortunately.
7ozAKIj2LvRrkuomdUhc The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean, aesthetically pleasing, up to date, just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too, attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back! 
7p1fqzDZlxCSsyrWfomY My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place! 
7sslJkpu5FiO4BaLy8mI Worst high priced hotel I've ever stayed at! I had a business meeting in Chicago and heard good reviews from a few co-workers thought it would be a nice place to stay but was a little upset with my experience with Swissotel in Chicago.Front desk clerk was very rude at check in, valet parking was great until they brought my SUV around front with a quarter size dent in the passenger size door, the hotel refused to pay for the damages. The room was very beautiful besides the faint mildew smell in the room. Room service was great and very pleasing!Our business meeting took place in the St Gallen room where our meeting took a little disruptive turn, there was construction going on during that time and was very hard to hear the announcer in our meeting. Other than that the hotel was beautiful but the stay wasn't as great as i expected, you may want to book somewhere else if you have a business meeting to attend in Chicago.
83TcSj8fEaXW9dGkTBbi There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel, and a normal hotel. The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other. I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area, and people are smoking their lungs out. Even though this hotel is really glamourous, has a nice bar, a nice restaurant, great music, it is still not a good stay if you don't like people smoking beside you.
86YRkFnx7GnLUKoGR2nE The hotel is in a good location. It is very contemporary in decoration. Beautiful flowers in lobby. The room service was very good. Concierge services were also very good. We were treated well. The shower water pressure was very poor. Also, at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us, which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid. It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel. Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food. read more
88SAathT2DMsn3dvrgOR I just came back from this awesome, terrific hotel last week, and I have to say-- I loved it! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting, and right when I stepped into the hotel, I knew that this business vacation will be well spent. The customer service was very great, and an employee even guided us toward our room! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds, a flat screen TV, and even free internet access. My wife loved it, and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap. When I headed down to the lobby for my conference, I got lost, and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held. He leaded me to the door, and I was very impressed. There is a fitness center which I went everyday, and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby, where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad. All in all, I thought that the trip was really worth it, and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago. I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there, you will not regret it. 
88m1IRsMhZdJlCA6mXi5 This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really.
89fMl9xz9no7r9kZhyha I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that! 
89oppU94gD0cusagqQ7H We recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago illinois, while the hotel was nice please take my advice and do not stay here. I payed cash for the room and handed over my credit card for incedentals ($50.00) the next day my debit card was charged $200 clearly this had to be a mistake...i called the hotel manager who was the rudest person i have ever spoken with about the charge and was told that it was my fault i paid cash and that i could give him my bank account, routing, SS # and authorization code and he could call my bank and take care of it. Clearly i am smart enough not to give this information to anyone yet alone someone who had already taken more then should have been charged. I then called corporate to complain and let them know about the situation the only thing corporate could tell me is that they had already credited my account and that they were sorry and it was clearly my mistake. I then questioned them about the manager asking for all my information if they had already credited my account and they told me they didnt have an answer for me. So for your bank accounts sake do not stay here they are many other options in chicago
8GvkIQCy3gfHSW8W2fqK We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open, this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. 
8KWjGQa3VEsRQZOBRPYg Just what I needed at James: I can't tell you how impressed I was with my stay at the James Chicago Hotel. I came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the James by a friend. The crisp, clean, contemporary ambiance made me feel like I was on a relaxed vacation rather than work. It was luxury without being over the top. My room was clean, comfortable and was above all standards comfortable. In my down time I enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the "JBar", and I highly recommend dinner at the "David Burke Primehouse" The customer service from all the staff members, from front desk, to house keeping to the bartender was excellent. I plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience. 
8LNbD9lR0k7iouHUMzwO My daughter and I were in Chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in Illinois. We were only in Chicago on our way home. We didn't know where to stay in Chicago, but booked one night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based on their ad in the Chicago Visitors Guide. We're glad we did! We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city. That's what we wanted--a great view, and we got it. Also, the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop (we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn't bad--saved us a lot of money). The elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available. We found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. The only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in Chicago. We wish we could have stayed there at the Sheraton for at least another night. We would definitely stay there again. 
8TutbFYgcKL7MmUamRQQ We wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book. 
8WAQiYEjbZs4ailam7DJ My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in March, 2006. We had a great time! We were upgraded to a suite, and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with Mr. Bubbles, animal print robes, and a luxurious king- sized bed! THe suite was very nice, and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street. It was very boutiquey, and the lobby was lovely. We enjoyed the complementary wine hour. The staff was attentive, and our stay in this Kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to Chicago memorable! We would return here! 
8h2WWlWPPQYe0b2Ol0gR I recently stayed at this hotel with my family (10-1 / 10-3). We had a terrific experience. I landed the hotel through Priceline for $80 per night and paid an additional $75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor. My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible. I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating. I would love to stay here again. 
8hdfqYqePsSBXcm1JQmS My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel. 
8k9APTpi9A4hOkaZUnUM I believe I can not describe how amazing was our stay at The James. Service was impecable, from the door man to the front desk. Location could not be better. Yes, you can hear the ambulances in the street from the 14th floor, but, come on, you are downtown, what do you expect....Overall noise was not in a level to bother us. The only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at 9 pm...PM not AM? Go figure... 
8kLvLt3442MIJGeR6RlR The Conrad Chicago hotel had some of the worst service I have ever dealt with. I got the Executive Room with a king size bed. When I got in, the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud. I called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me. They have a pillow menu which I tried to select from but they were out of over half of them. The Ipod dock was not working either. Also, the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm. This hotel is the worst in Chicago and I would never recommend going there!
8oWC9lgF88V52WtgoFRC I have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to Chicago. It is a very nice hotel, and I will love to stay there if I visit Chicago again! There is a lot of positive to say about the hotel; staff is excellent, never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for. Was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast. A few things that could make this hotel even better... A hand shower in the bathroom. The hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom, instead of the bathroom, when the bathroom is all damp after a shower I prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair. Free internet access in the lobby. I was surprised I had to pay 6 or 7 USD (for 15 minutes) to log-on and check-in with my airline (only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying?!?!?!?) 
8pTTlprUkdRYyUy12PWK My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits. 
8q4nNe8OTu1rEQ7OfqMn I was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time.
8sAA1ltoJQFc5j4xGrVt I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price! It was a lovely hotel, beautifully appointed, walking distance from the places we wanted to go. We would highly recommend the Fairmont. 
8utXBPR5RFqBfFAR5FYb Amalfi Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time. Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor's delight. It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area, it is also close to the Loop, Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space. Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV. The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast. The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy. It also has free internet facilities, room service, Air conditioning, laundry/drycleaning, multilingual staff to make communication easy, spa services, heating, conference facilities, satelite tv, brailed elevators and pets are allowed. The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great. The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty. The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand. The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean. The hotel makes it possible for you to relax, go shopping in the best stores which are close-by, eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership. They offer great deals for every type of customer. I would definitely recommend this place.
8uzHl4upMzq9RaY3nvy3 Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
8vgqeGKgpB3ry5xx3s1J Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet.
8x2voEvIl9hvJoZN03bv Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?
8xX1N0SiBKBK4MEYRU8S This place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style. Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it, and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv, and was able to get another room The second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper, dingy, and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door, or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy. Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by, if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two. And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate.
8z85qF704omPZUbTivpH Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, was a waste of money. The rooms are typical standard rooms,(unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms), the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless, your ideal, idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room. Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo's.
8zKJi4XXQoagR3eLYClB My son & I joined my husband on a work trip. We planned to swim while he was working. We overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in. Though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at 630 pm. We gave up & went out for the evening. We had a very noisy sleepless night. We weren't facing MI ave, but still heard sirens and I'm not sure what the other noise was, but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about 20x an hour throughout the entire night. I called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open, so my (very excited) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction. Upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew's actions & on my insistence she said she'd look into it. A gentleman called back an hour later & said the pool should open at 5pm...it was 9am. It is now 6pm & we still haven't even seen the pool. We check out tomorrow. We passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to "swim in Chicago." Needless to say we are VERY disappointed.
8zlgU10P5wJO0gTG7NFp I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel.
90gjeN6RJ3kCLNInjrWx We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00. 
9693eYlNuCiDQJr0M1KB This hotel was worth every cent. You have not experienced Chicago luxury until you have stayed here. In town for a conference, my colleagues and I never had to leave our hotel for much of anything. Fine dining, entertainment, you name it: Knickerbocker's got it! I will definitely return as my wife and I frequent Chicago to visit family.
98Fp1z930nlpCENjRfU8 I have stayed at the Palmer a half dozen times in the past and it has been ok. The main drawbacks are the check in desk is always slow and they charge you to use the fitness center, which is truly annoying. In addition, there are so many rooms you often have to walk a hundred years to find your room once you get off the elevator. Other than that, it is a classic old hotel with some yesteryear charm. But, the room they gave me most recently was so small it was laughable. The door to the bathroom could not open as it hit the desk, and the chair to the desk could not be properly pulled out as it hit the bed. There was no room for them to put the TV in front of the bed, so they shoved it off to the side. Room 23242 makes prison cells seem roomy and I promise that no one who works there would ever put someone they know in this hovel. It should not be sold as a hotel room.
9FEpMzsB2ljXP8lHgkxj My husband and I stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend. It was far from that! We could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain, the person who answered the phone was extremely rude! We were unable to relax at all! Also, the room was not very clean, there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock. We will not be returning to this awful place!
9G4ek8NIFC33TUtvu8wv The hard rock hotel Chicago is not as good as they try to portray, First ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through. They also have rude customer service, that dont seem happy to answer your questions. There prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer, its just ridiculous. Hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name, but Hard rock hotel Chicago should not be included in that.
9JJVHeui7ege0FjnCHuN We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day! 
9JrfRK2KkOhhSJcT18kE I had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago. What a joke. To start off, the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed. I don't know who made the bed up in my room, but it could have been done better by my 7 year old. Ditto the bathroom. Water spots, soap scum and (ugh) hair of ALL kinds in the sink, tub and about the floor. GROSS. I requested non-smoking, either they didn't listen or didn't care, but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray. The "beautiful view" was ruined by water spots - not outside(which is forgiveable) but INSIDE! And they were sticky. I stayed only one night. The Holiday Inn had rooms available, and they were clean. Never Again.
9KzPwVWEMeYTRkjalLui We connected to Affinia Chicago thorugh a city websight. The deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included. There was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that. They are currently under major construction. They will be a little late of their projections in the finish date. I must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances. The room was complete and was good. It had a very nice bathroom. The main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food, drink, or rest room opportunities. The construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after 9:00am. I think this will be a good one once they are done. As of the end of May, they have a way yet to go.
9MZF8Y28Ndgf5Duz3ntb Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful. The staff were relatively friendly, but that's where the positive aspects stop. Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. Thermostat didn't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted. Even though I think $10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS, I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails. It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup. I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done. Minibar was overpriced, as expected. Awful experience, definitely wouldn't stay here again.
9WrHb1vAcYkrOqKtyUdZ I had a large, roomy, clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom, big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible, from the doorman to the front desk, to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure, you get a little outside noise, but it is a big city, that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it. 
9XGNMFDV3E6f5YDz5YYe This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow, waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
9XIdBGhkcuXjTkag2VHO When you stay at a hotel like The James, just from their price point, you expect a certain level of quality. If I pay well over 500 dollars for a room, I do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room, but also a certain level of standard of service. Perhaps this hotel should rename itself The Lebron James, because it has about as much class as he does, and is about twice as pretentious. A handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service I received at The Lebron James. My night of hell began with the clerk, bellboy, or whatever he was, at the front desk, who faked what I assume was intended to be a British accent, but ended up as an unholy melding of Australian and New Englander. A British accent does not make you fancy, or skilled. Once I made my way past Mr. Belvedere and to my room, I was disappointed, not only by its size, which was unusually small, but also a faint scent of cigarettes. Not a strong one, but I could definitely smell smoke. Not acceptable. Then, while I was sleeping, a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls. It sounded technical, mechanical, like an air conditiner malfunctioning. Despite many reassurances from the front desk, the throbbing continued on throughout the night. I demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately, but from what I could tell, he never came.
9XlSCKzI2pqvIFWkL0Mj in the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern 
9YdSEdd7hHGWSb1KOQul I love this hotel. It is one of the best that I have stayed in. The lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable. The made services was terrific. No matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back. I asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly. That is what I liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly. I was there with my daughter for a girl's weekend from Thursday - Sunday. Everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc. was wonderful. I can't say enough good about this hotel. Yes the bathroom was small, but I wasn't moving into the room. I was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway. I will definitely stay there again 
9hdS6c8KEIBMtNXyKWew Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families. 
9iUzUZa6pQ0WspAp3tdz Here are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.
9lJp3NYoU5zkx78FOfft Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
9n2qVRlp1gL4kPzA375j Wow! Loved the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago! It was so close to all the great sights of Chicago like Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, and all the fabulous dining. The hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional, but cozy manner. The entire family loved it, even the dog...because they are also pet friendly at the Ambassador East Hotel! We loved the restaurant there, the Pump Room was great, something to please even the pickiest of our eaters. We were there on a family get-away, but asked to see a larger "suite". The suites were gorgeous. I can't wait to tell our friends about this place! Our next business trip to Chicago, we are booking at this hotel. They have the perfect conference rooms and we LOVE the service! We are definitely coming back!
9nnT3Azg4phCxIZ4Yfy1 I stayed at the millennium Knickerbocker for 3 nights while on a business trip, as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office I was visiting, and just about everything else for that matter. The lobby was absolutely beautiful, and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms were elegant and spacious, and I instantly felt right at home. The large flat screen TV as a nice touch and TV options were many. I headed downstairs to the bar for a drink, and was amazed at how well kept it was, as well as how nice everybody was. As this was my first time I asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out. All in all this was a great experience, and next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be staying here. I'd recommend the Millennium Knickerbocker to anyone traveling to Chicago.
9owHdmB0wh8fpPyYKNj5 When we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced. Our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby. And finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor. The room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day, it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side. Our experience was definitely not a pleasant one. To make matters even worse, we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left. I am never coming back to Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel.
9qhyzgHGDyxQpzRhAP73 The room was big and luxurious, befitting the price tag ($299). Bed was very comfortable. However, my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft, and I heard the elevators running all night. Also held a one-day conference there for 25 people. They stuck us in a long, narrow room that was cramped. Also, the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the Palm restaurant in the hotel. Service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served. And the steaks were only so-so, a far cry from my experience with other Palms.
9rIQEwpHPhUtm0y2IyD1 My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable. My visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn't locate my reservation. I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn't find me "in the system". We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over. That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations. The room that I had originally reserved (King) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room. I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service. It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive. When finally delivered, it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it. So now I am cranky, tired and starving! I ate what I could from the mini bar (poor selection of items) and went to bed. The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it, as if someone had smoked in it. The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms. The woman at the front desk couldn't be bothered with me and didn't try to make things right in any way. I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago. I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again.
9smsmjsdtqAlSrMODgGi Our check-in was great, but then we got into our room. The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower (open concept) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it. The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room. Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect....1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize, and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ($69 instead of $50). When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected, he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee. It was adjusted, but not without confrontation. There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same "mysterious" mini bar charge on her bill as well, and was trying to have it corrected. Overall, the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one,
9xuhOTLyPtzkdfYA6jFS First let me say, I try not to be too critical, but in some cases the truth is warranted! We checked in and things seemed fine. Location was excellent. Woke up the first morning, to a slightly rumpled bed covered in "stains", I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality. Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign, I did and no one even came until later in the day. The room was big enough, had no drawers, suposedly remodeled but carpet didn't reach the wall, toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken. The mirrors were great and the water was always hot! The walls were paper thin, I heard every conversation the guests next door had. They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v. through the walls and vents. Internet was $13.00, worked for a bit and then not again, I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later. The hotel did give us a credit for the charges. At this point, enough was enough, we packed our bags and checked out. The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops!!
9y4wMUKmLFA5Rz2saah3 The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more. The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter. The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal. Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
A32j7GWmDyxkG2Le85WF Over all, my trip was great; I got to spend time with my best friend. We did some shopping and site seeing. Trip was overall great. The only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels I have stayed at. Some of the walls had wall paper missing, most of the faucets leaked, there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms, some of the furniture had very visible stains, the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom. we stayed in the corner suite on the 37 floor room 3711. Considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity. I do not plan on staying there again. Apart from the trip was great![]
A6RQsLVpbIOoA69tqvqb I got a Sunday night stay for only $50 off of Priceline.com, so it would be hard to complain...but this was truly a great hotel, even if I paid double. The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW. The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant, plenty of couches,seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains. You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area. The hotel let me check in at 12pm (I had a 3pm check in time). I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me "I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view". I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall. The rooms are big (I had a doubles room) The beds were beautiful with great pillows,blankets,headboards etc. An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room. Great to plug in your ipod, listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago. The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries. Another great feature is the concierge area's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport. You simply look at the screen, click on your airline icon and following the instructions. I had my boarding passes in about a minute. Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers. I was only in the hotel for 1 day, but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot. It is a business hotel, but definitely a great choice for families and couples. Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago. 
A8M9xkGk1iBKA5DxQsjX This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful. 
AArjEhZRmO6nfhOqsHRV Thirty years ago, we had a tiny "room" and indifferent service. This time, the service was superb and friendly throughout, with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop, the door and bell persons, and the hilton honors person at the front desk. They even lowered our price (to moderately high) when we inquired a few days before our stay. When we want to stay south of the river downtown, we will be back 
AGaqwoZRZc5iyO7qqRz2 The Hotel Allegro located in the Chicago Loop, provided my wife and I with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory. We ordered the weekend Liquid Therapy package 48 hours prior as noted on their website, but to our surprise when we arrived, our names were nowhere to be found in their system! No room, no accommodations at the restaurant, nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot. A weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than I originally booked, and never did they offer us a replacement dining option! I have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time. We will never be staying here again.
AHzFJl3pCdITqCzK3SeB When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip!
ALZ7hoZNsGXnKtM88kx0 i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again! 
ALxjrtjXRdb6nwoLSVR3 Stayed valentines weekend. Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door. You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor. Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car. Glasses were dusty and gross. This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge, so when you barely touch it you'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door. Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time.
ANy3I81FCrKRxxVnGYWr The name Conrad (the most luxurious of all Hilton hotels) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury; however, the Conrad in Chicago, IL did obviously not receive the memo. Upon entering the hotel, we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff. Additionally, we were not offered any help. The desk receptionist was beyond rude. Her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay. After getting our card, we were finally offered help with our luggage. The young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage. Strangely, he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip. He received the tip he deserved, which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away. Upon first looking at the room it was beautiful. However, closer inspection revealed that the room had NOT been cleaned since the last visitor had left. There was hair in the sink and around the toilet. There was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub. This fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff. Instead, I was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards. Two-hours later, someone came into the room to "investigate". When they saw the mess that had been left, they offered a menial apology. Still another two hours later, housekeeping arrived. The level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage. In the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit, the valet actually brought the wrong car to me. I was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me (it was certainly an incredible make and model), but my better judgment prevailed. I informed the valet of his mistake, to which he replied, "Sorry dude, I read your ticket wrong." I know that he did not smoke in my car, but he smelled so strongly of smoke, that the smell melted into my seat. Luckily, its location on Rush will help get out of the terror that is Conrad Chicago. There are so many better hotels in Chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere.
AOhEXlT5VcuhtI0MuEzQ The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay. Nothing bad about it. It was a great value. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were nice and open, and the pool was great. Food was GREAT! My family and I loved staying here! Would recommend to everyone I know.
AVE8PgwVDeINvlV7kxjF I stayed this hotel for 2 nights. I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I've seen. Upon entering the building, you can easily see that it is clean and high class. The lobby was nice, and everything seemed as it should be. However, as soon as I made it into my room, it was completely different than everything previous to it. It was dirty, visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom. The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I've been to. There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants. When I called the front desk about these issues, they sent someone up to fix it. I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning, they were still at it! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors. The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done. As I was too tired, I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead. I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me.
Adr3wQY5qnYCfKUTqUbi Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure. The staff was super friendly and helpful, the room was very clean and the location was fantastic. The walking track was an especially nice touch. Highly recommended!
AgipsVMV4tGbrNTnTV45 After reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay. Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens. They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead. Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm. Checked in and waited for our luggage... Finally went down and got it ourselves. The room was a little grungy, furniture shabby, and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover. Ewww. Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me. FYI it's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel. Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn't work. Called for a replacement, waited a while, called again and was brought another iron which also didn't work. Third time was a charm. Oh boy. Too bad we paid in advance. Won't be staying here again.
AkT3U1nW3abiWSNcLs42 I asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. 
Akyl9jT0IM0iM7m5f8fz Not one of my better experiences, When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys. I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys. It wouldn't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair. When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed. The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded. But the view from the window was amazing, and it took away some of the bad for me. Overall, it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring, maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light. I didn't even get housekeeping my entire stay there. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area, hopefully it will make them get their act together.
Am7akOEwz0EZyEFuaZdq Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.
AmIYCOaPaiDcKY59gen7 I stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny, but ours was perfectly fine, with funky, fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly, and before we even made it to the desk, a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel! 
AnIR3mcVnhhir2WB2eux The Intercontinental Chicago Magnificent Mile The outside of the hotel itself is as the name says is pretty magnificent despite being set in what has to be the filthiest section in the city. For the cost of the rooms starting at 179.00 a night, you would think they would have a competent parking attendant. I was delayed from a very important client due to a latency issue with my reserved room, and if that was not enough. To top it off the room service had the nerve to bring up room temperature pasta and a bottle of champagne that had the seal previously broken free of the cork. Needless to say this will be the last time this hotel ever is to grace so much as another dollar bill from my account. I would highly recommend another hotel with better accommodations.
ApXEYBfcEHmF9rcwYbNK Room: I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel. 
AqUyg52f1f8Ru9aZKLKp The Chicago Palmer House disappointed me. I chose it because it a Hilton hotel, but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name. My first impression was a negative one when I was greeted by a rather rude staff. My room might have been luxurious years ago, but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening. The bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible. The food served by the room service and at the hotel's restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus, and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine. The food simply did not deliver its promises. Everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small. The location of the hotel might seem like an advantage, since it is in downtown Chicago nearby many touristic attractions: however, the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by. Overall, this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the Hilton name and price range.
AqfCDBf1tz9Rp0WwATyB The Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with class and superior quality furniture. The hotels restaurant "lockwood" consist's of delicious French and Italian cuisine. The location is in the prime area to downtown, and shopping areas. This hotel is suited for pristine guests, and those who are not willing to settle for less. If you're looking for not just any stay, but a stay in luxury, you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try. It is one of the best of the best in Chicago, and your stay will be one to remember.
ArcCTb9t5JKyKB4k3SYu We stayed two nights. We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant. He was very cold. Our room was very, very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days. The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet. We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink, the door to the bar was locked. We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn't and were told they were short staffed, 'sorry'. WHAT?? are you running here? You are a hotel in the country's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel.
AwAw2ex6aFFuJeFFm4rz We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago. It was close to shopping, local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier. The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages, which I took advantage of as any woman (or man) should! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee, unless purchased with a package deal, in their own upscale restaurant, Nix! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family!
Awrhhegbp0TSDdxiD3PA My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room. 
AzL28J3FlYI2MZalSJE0 I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business, for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky, and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware, they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card, I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing, spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me, someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge, they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards, its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean, but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such, be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50, imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken, and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it, and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it, but the lack of response from maintenance, considering the rate for a suite, is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall, I think I will be skipping the Omni, and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad, as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back.
B3l7ghdufpxRhOMFTRwI I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers. I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso. It made attending the conference uncomfortable. The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room, as the conference had booked the whole hotel. After the sheets were changed, I got no more bites, thankfully. Despite this, I managed to enjoy the stay. I liked the location next to the river, and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile.
B3tbHFD253r9i3ig0eSj We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree.
B5lcEx5z6EhAwhgIQFx1 I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny. 
BC2kVafgho6cQhbBWwK8 Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family. This hotel was perfect for us. Location is great, kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums, touring, ball games, etc. We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line. Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate, they gave us a pick of the the rooms. The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us. Used valet parking which was hasselfree. We had a great experience and would stay there again. 
BMoKx7mEoN2zhf6XqIrM I travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels. 
BSOuhCFpgE6d6IP3enOH I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.
BUZ5uWVrLxiW8CXWg9Sr The hotel is just ok. Stayed there for 5 days when visiting friends. They had a renovation going so there was no lobby, bar or anything. Just a decently furnished room for 200 usd. The renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge... much less untill its done. You cant beat the location! Very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife!
BfRHvevz2tYUPaGEVHgC We had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel. We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street, near many local attractions. The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel. The pillow menu was awesome, my partner and I have such different preferences, the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home. The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect! I couldn't believe the amenities available to guests. My Beagle, Betsy enjoyed her stay at the "Jet Set Pet" care center. She was pampered as much as I was. It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit. It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist, a deck of cards; guidebook that included walking tours, and comfort items like a towel and map! I felt like I was the most important guest (surely, everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms). Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel!!
Bgrct2PYZKzHnc2PSFQ7 My husband and I recently stayed stayed at the Hilton Chicago and it was a horrible experience. When we arrived, the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and didn't even acknowledge us for at least five minutes. When we got to our room I went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow. I'm am very paranoid about hotels being dirty, so I pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs. I called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly 30 minutes. The second night we were there we decided to try the Irish pub in the hotel called Kitty O'Sheas because my husband loves pub food. We had the shepherd's pie which was awful. It was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap! Our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check. While we had a great trip to Chicago, the Hilton was definitely NOT a highlight of our trip. Overall, we had rude service, a dirty room and bad food. Spend your money elsewhere
BogsvSYGSQrsslvoj7sP When I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton, I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website. Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster. First off, my husband and I couldn't find the place. It was our first time in Chicago after all. And when I would call for directions, they just kept putting me on hold. When my husband and I finally arrived, the bus boy was extremely rude. After man-handling our luggage, he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip. Talk about arrogant. The front desk clerk was a little too pushy. My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister's wedding, but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room. The room itself was okay, decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you're worth. They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the "snack bar" and ordered a movie that I've never even heard of! Completely unprofessional. I will never, I repeat, NEVER stay at this hotel ever again.
Booo1B6J9VcbiUD1ZnSo My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer, and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade, even though the rooms are still a bit small, but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants, lounges, and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago, I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton 
Bp8naE4OjkaH2hHm3iU5 It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance. 
Br8GW29pEphr77YGCrwz As a frequent traveler to Chicago, I generally stay at the Sutton Court, but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet, leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk, who then moved me to a "premium" room -- still quite small, but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny, without a vanity, making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired, as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise), and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene, I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location, check out Sutton Place hotel instead.
Bv6BBDuNJTTxRs4gOSFm Wow. Here is a place to NEVER hold an event. First, no one smiles, including the bartenders. Doesn't anyone here know they are in the HOSPITALITY business? The bartender was 54 years old. Why do I know that? Because, she stated to another employee that "when you get to be 54 years old, you tell it like it is." Very specifically, she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things. Wow. The room was set up the wrong way for the event. The food was just plain bad. $9 at a Ponderosa would have been as good. However, this is the Swisshotel. Oh, let's go back to the bartender telling us, unsolicited, about all the problems with the hotel. Man, you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business. $50 for valet. Ouch. Anyone asking you if you need something, like help? No. Does management make excuses? You bet. Do you ever want to hold an event here? Big no.
BwQJsSesUroZYbwDiYhe Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler's best friend. Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. Centrally located in the heart of downtown, the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction. On arrival the staff goes into overdrive. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel. The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens. My room came equipped with flat screen tv, wi-fi and high speed internet. Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you. There were also car rental on site as were restaurants, cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room. They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features. There is also catering and limo service. The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional. All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between. This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered. My only regret? That I could not stay much longer. 
C3PQtKwPIgRrBNwfPZPG Upon first entering the hotel, we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered. Through our 2 week stay, they told us to "have a nice day" as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return. Breakfast is served in the AM, and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen. It was a very enjoyable stay.
C795bPcC24ICYl92R5KQ The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.
C9dlBDYycJOOMNMz4vZg I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
CAavofvpbifPjakeUDT1 Upon entering Homewood Suites, I was greeted by incredibly friendly staff and my breath was taken by the beauty of the hotel. When I saw my room, I was immediately relieved because it provided all of the amenities needed for my week-long business stay (refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishwasher, flat panel TV). Best of all, the hotel has an on-site fitness center where I was able to work off all of the extra calories I consumed during the delicious complimentary breakfast. I couldn't resist their omelettes! The hotel is in the heart of Chicago and I must say, the city view from my room was priceless. Definitely recommended! 
CCLX9NBBqHeFzm7AiNYb Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway. 
CDL98feHfSyJ1SlcxxH6 If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia!
CHCnXtfBSFq8PqVAxa3n Staying at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience. Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions, but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal. There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food. The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find. Finally, the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel.
CI9TlfDijjfv6raQXYu9 We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return. 
CR5dA0c1stiZChjx78WD I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!
CRWuAKQvbSGBQQjFwMsM As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said "We picked the right place." Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet. 
CRp6unFWd3wkqYVUM117 Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our "night on the town". After taking in a musical, we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service. The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym. If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand, it would've been a great environment for our family lapdog. Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago.
CS00z0G2jehrqVO5uorN We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again! 
CUNgn3sRE2HIcrrFbUnm I stayed in the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago last week, and I was extremely disappointed with my experience. The breakfast buffet was minimal and did not seem to be frequently restocked. I came downstairs about 30 minutes before the end of the breakfast period to find about half of the food options completely depleted. Also, the milk provided for the coffee and cereals was warm, having been kept out on the counter. I would have been better off bringing my own food! Also, the layout of the rooms is extremely awkward. I had to move the furniture around to be able to watch TV, and then move it back before I could make dinner or comfortably use the room in other ways. I could barely close the door to the bedroom past the corner of the bed. It just wasn't what I would expect from a Hilton-brand hotel suite.
CVrIUYcqyCnyng8ocURh The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago advertises itself as family friendly, yet when I arrived with my children it was anything BUT family friendly. The staff seemed miffed and stuck up, and I had to wait for the personal check in. I was too worried that my kids would ruin the obviously really expensive furniture while I waited, and other guests (all single or couples without children) seemed annoyed every time I passed with my kids while I was trying to keep them entertained before we checked in. This might not be the best place to stay if you have a kid or two, even though it is advertised as such. I give you a great big Thumbs Down for false advertising, Amalfi.
CWrRSlv3D1m1Qoi08YYR I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
CY9mNtwpqDcb5nHHeWsZ My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met. After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel's website, I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend. After a long flight into Chicago, we were so ready to check in, shower, and lay down in our hotel room. However, once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation. I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied. She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting. We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. I'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
CfQgTVkACwrDJww7WPYh I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for three days while I was in Chicago on business. This was quite possibly the best hotel experience that I have ever had, which says a lot considering the fact that I stay in hotels quite frequently. The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. They made sure that I had absolutely everything that I could want or need. Their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner, not fake or forced like some employees can be. The room itself was to die for. The bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept. I cannot speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding! Because of the mattress and bedding, I got the best three nights of sleep I've ever had. The views of downtown Chicago were absolutely amazing from my room. The way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to Chicago. The food was amazing also. I made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel's restaurants and visit the bar while I was there. My favorite restaurant of the three was Shula's Steak House. The Chi Bar, the hotel's bar, was amazingly designed and the drinks were great. All in all, i would rate my experience a 5 out of 5. There is nowhere else in downtown Chicago that compares to the Sheraton.
CgYWavoCSSGDXovNWvCS As a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure, clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me. Homewood Suites Chicago provides all of that and more! The room was spacious and immaculately kept, with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen. After a busy work day, it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax, with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside. I will definitely book a room next time in Chicago and I'll definitely continue to stay at Homewood Suites in other cities. 
ChgxjJOVSOkogmSsqNrQ I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel and I could not be more pleased. The hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern, stylish rooms. The rooms are something truly special with huge, soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt. The bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower/tub. If that wasn't enough each room has a crisp 32" LCD TV that displays TV in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system. When you finally make it out of your room, down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant. It is called Cafe des Architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic French techniques. Their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the Magnificent mile. A full dinner including appetizer, main course, and dessert can be had for $45, amazing. If you are looking for a modern, urban, chic hotel in Chicago then look no further, the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel is your only real choice.
CiUwnlpt2QGg7h1ZuuS9 Since this was our first visit to the "windy city," we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique. We read many great reviews regarding the Kimpton brand so we gave it a go. The "go" ended up being a "no go." We were sorely disappointed. When we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice. We have two kids with us, so we needed a crib for our 6 month baby. We were told "no problem." Unfortunately, it took them about 1 or 2 hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next. Then, we noticed a bug (or bugs) near the fridge area. Yikes! We called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room (or floor!). Our request was met about 30 minutes later. By this time, we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions, we almost wanted to throw the towel in. Customer service was so lacking! We wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city, but had to wait around for our new room and the crib. This is not what we expected at all for this HIGH price! Will have to think hard before we book with a Kimpton hotel again.
CkPJx1N79IDFOEENtHYI Ideal location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief, they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor), you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however, this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh, and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.
Cm7xSCFmZzNheIsh9eVP My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was less than satisfactory. I would have expected much for from such a "high end" hotel. The rooms were way over priced, and the service was less than satisfactory. At one point, I left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up, and when room service came through, they were still there! On the other side of things, the cup I had left on my desk (which I was planning to use later) was gone. My coffee and my towels were also never replaced. I also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room. Rather, it was a "nominal fee". After paying so much for a room, I had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi. My stay at the Palmer House Hilton left much to be wished for. I will not be staying there again.
CoWXkNCgA47V3Fths1ZI I was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the Sheraton, but a recent stay at their downtown location in Chicago was somewhat of a disappointment. It started with check in; I had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed, but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms (OK, rather rudely!) that because of some banker's convention that was going on, I should be happy with the double-bed room that was left. It was all I could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience! The room itself was OK, nothing special though. The cleaning staff must've just been through, because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air. The internet jack wasn't working. It took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it, no apologies given. For the price, I really expected more in the way of customer service from Sheraton. I guess they're really no better than anyone else these days!
Cp8P0RIydec09yvg2vn3 I arrived to find that my room was not ready, despite it being past the 3pm check in time. I was not offered any compensation for this, or any real apology, just shunted off to the side to wait it out. This took a good hour and a half, during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting. Again, no apologies, just my card. The room was adequately clean (it had better be...) though sparsely furnished for the price. It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot, south coastal motels. I encountered several problems with on site amenities, both in room and out. Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway, even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors. It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness. After the abysmal (lack of) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night (I declined to try the room service, unimpressed with every other offering so far). I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
CrVVDGgyi27PO9rpSlvD After reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel, I went ahead and got an Ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness. I normally have a good experience with Intercontinental hotels, particularly the Mark Hopkins in SF. I called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as Ambassador Club. When I arrived at the hotel, there was no separate check-in line (as advertised) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when I told him I was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room. I was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty. They gave me a room in the "modern" tower, (built in the 60's) which was about 2/3 the size of a regular room at the Mark Hopkins (built in '29). I had to deal with torn sheets, cracked marble sinks, and the spare roll of toilet paper being located OUTSIDE the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that? The closet door, if you are not careful, may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door. I was not provided with a key to the minibar and I called for turndown service, which never happened. The next day, they finally got around to the fact that I was an Ambassador Club member and entitled to an upgraded room, but since I travel with a medical device which I already set up in the tiny room, I declined. To their credit, they did send some of the amenities I would otherwise be entitled to as an Ambassador Club member. I would not stay at this hotel next time I go to Chicago. There are other better places for the money including, the Omni, The James, The Fairmont, Hyatt, Sheraton, Monaco, Crowne Plaza, even the Holiday Inn and Marriotts located in the same general area.
D0ajigJzPqFAcEv8XuqJ My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
D2u4AC2BHumIuzgroXSM we stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back. chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay, period. now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day. (p.s. the weather was in the high 70s). to get back to the hotel, it was fantastic, it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city. two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son. full kitchen, (laundry on 7th floor) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance, everything within walking distance. you wont need a car and at $42 for valet parking you wont want one. dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed. oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done. its a no brainer book now. p.s. theres also a beach within walking distance 
D4AyZLKFd0JJslJkO1b2 My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. For our anniversary, we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends. While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city, the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations. For starters, we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive. However, the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us. While the room was certainly adequate, the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included. While the latter may seem like a minor offense, it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality. Finally, the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago's standards. In summary, the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price, I am sure we could of done better.
D9iFnNVX8ze7E46cHsLO The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel. The rooms were very nice, great customer service. Every member of the staff was extremely nice. I liked that it was pet friendly, and you couldn't even tell they allowed pets. Very clean. Prompt service when requested, and the food was very tasty! An A+ in my book, the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel. Very immaculate. Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago.
DAjrtK8bLRVNIu44IqoB I stayed here for 5 nights last summer. I booked the reservation on priceline for $75/night which was the cheapest rate I could find anywhere during a convention week. Anyway, when I arrived at 11 pm from the airport, I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me. They booked me at a dumpy 2 star motel by the airport. They gave me $20 for a taxi to get there, and it cost me $35. I was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing/unpacking. The Millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up. No free drink, no room upgrade, nothing. Since I booked on the internet, I was chopped liver. Beware.
DBYvL66gJZxAoroiucR6 Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling. I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful. The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city. The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat, the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones. I didn't have the chance to use the spa, but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing. I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink, very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from. The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends. Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in, the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I've stayed in.
DFRIk6iFZqWFfcvDXxuU For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment.
DGMBEMw4y1YlmHqddst6 I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend, I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away, and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance, but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall, I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience!
DGcDUNxpstLxOy34WcqJ This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway. The decor is fun & refreshing. Loved the roof top bar. Every staff member was friendly & always smiling. The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, the beach, dinner and night life. It was a mile or two from Millenium Station. The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list (I'm sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture). 
DTqjBFA6QOPsufzQfZK3 The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again!
DUFhB9onelzeFMAIMB4C I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in November together with my colleagues. Internet only wired available for 20 additional dollars a day. No fridge or microwave included in the price. Our room had two too soft full size beds. In the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall. Who doesnt believe it, check out the 16th floor close to room 212. With discount we paid more than 300 dollars a night which is ridiculous. I stayed in the Hyatt Regency before for much cheaper and that was way better. The restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty, but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served. please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby.
DVdGt7Y4kUOabm2fOWsQ This is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities. Everyone was helpful. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. The bed was "just like home". We would definitely stay again. A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home. It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best. 
DVhELT4k0ZSy0XNsot8w Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?
DVwSFosALFpdox9gdsZ2 My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago. 
DdgbT64N91j6n5Y5vYRB We had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny. 
De4IDjcgjjjybLK6OM8I Last month, my husband and I stayed at the InterContinental Chicago while we were in town for IMTS. Although they were very busy, the service was excellent and very professional. The staff were always smiling and happy to help. InterContinental was conveniently located near Michigan avenue, and the best stores and restaurants in town. The view from our room was great! Our room was always clean when we arrived home at night, it was decorated nicely, and the beds were extremely comfortable! We ate at the hotel's restaurant Zest, and the food was great! It was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while. We will definitely be back!
DgLq89LHNgtYCzp6CZkD Avoid The Talbot, especially for group functions. My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests. They were lured in by promises from The Talbot, that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide "special, personal treatment". Nothing could have been further from the truth. They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception, they persistently confused reservation requests, they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests, his wife, and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight. Now the worse part. Mistakes are made, even hotel managers are human, but where a hotel, which is supposed to be in the hospitality service, can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error. Case in point: I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card, all expenses, they assurred me that this would be no problem. Of course, when my brother, his wife, and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn't let them check in until they physically saw my card... again despite them having my card on record, and despite my explaining this to them over the phone. My brother recalls the "indignation" of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card. Then Another guest, in this case my older brother, came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby. When I finally was able to get across town, leaving a Cubs game early, I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account. Again they agreed, but never did anything about it. In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright, but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from "unathorized overuse". The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained. When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events. I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday, the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone, calling The Talbot, the credit card fraud division, my brother, etc trying to solve this situation. The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager, who at one point suggested that "I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters".... this was a witnessed event, and her insinuation was that I was lying, and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake. In the end, there is no one running this place... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail. When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager (after two days)m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back. The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant. Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room (where we had the reception) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost, but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests. Try The Ambassador East (same neighborhood) cheaper, much more professional staff.
DhUXuJQjP5wJTrohvKCB I stayed there on October 6, 2012. When I pulled the covers of my bed, there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice, which was either a bed bug or cockroach. I trapped it under a glass (see the attached pictures) and called the front desk. The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach. Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem, failing to follow through on promises they made to me. Setting aside the bug problem, I caution that the windows are quite thin. We could hear a lot of the street noise, which made for a hard night's sleep, not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms. For $400 a night after tax, I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives.
DjzVCgMW8qNPse7U5q25 My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids. Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor, the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff. As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations. This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts. My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant, but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try. WOW! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing. We truly enjoyed our dining experience. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet. 
DkD6uaAoeV1U8oQ4rhdk I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago, IL, and boy was I surprised. The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious. In fact, the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating. As if this were not enough, the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the "fresh" towels. Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls.
DlkRFFF3K1mQMawQJfnl We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. It was faboulous. Fine Linen, nice room with bigs windows, bathroom with a shower, flat TV. Check for the deals on the Sofitel website, we had 3 nights for the price of two ! 
Dmaa6UIEOa8sixZQmnYm I recently returned from a trip to Chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby. While the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers. When we arrived it took over an hour to check in. We had requested two rooms on the same floor, which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival. When we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it. Eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there. We also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate 4 adults and two babies in strollers. When we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for 4 adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in. We also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at Bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping. We filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment Bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests. After complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate. This "something" never arrived. We will not be making a return visit to this hotel. While the housekeeping staff, location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative.
DpDsNixGrBVwM1N72dUL I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience. When i arrived, exhausted after a series of delayed flights, I was told that my room was not ready. Not ready at 5pm, are you kidding me! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds, fine, whatever. I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c doesn't work. I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $20. No apology. Nothing. Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room. When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount. Again, no apology. I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back.
Dqn2ARIIyugP1RElrWuf My wife and I decided to stay at the Amalfi while we visited friends in Chicago; we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this 'Luxury' hotel to any of our friends. Amalfi claims that your stay begins with a 'warm greeting,' but we received the exact opposite. The front desk clerk was rude, sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question, and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room. Apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog, who we had to bring at the last minute. The room on the Pet Floor was alright, nothing spectacular, and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine. We proceeded to dinner at Keefer's Restaurant and had to wait an additional 45 minutes past our reservation time. I have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire; opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant. The next day, I could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly, and had to finish some work at our friend's house. My wife had called for some extra towels and pillows, which took about half an hour to receive. She also ordered breakfast because Breakfast in Bed WAS her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them. We were set to stay for 3 days, but only managed to stay 2. We will not be staying here again.
DrOIsi4LKXuPip2TccVg at check in, the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping, good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
DtBXMxaqpMoZA2rq2cKf Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again! 
DwEgJ67LPM2wnNDbdWOt The Millennium Hotel Knickerbocker sounds fine, and the website is pretty, but the reality is an over-hyped, overpriced, reality-isn't-as-good-as-fantasy package. The catering they offer is a joke; you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the Chicago area. While the rooms were cleaner than most, there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses, and when I called to complain about it, a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off. The rooms look small but cozy when you book online, but when you get there in person, you realize just how tiny they are. Trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did I mention that it smelled like cleaning solution? I also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed, which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is. In fact, it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small; you'd get better prices and a far better room from the Hilton.
DyQPLLqBkcVhBcVxKdPU The Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago! It is a great place to stay as a family. The last time my family and I visited Chicago, we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package. What an amazing time! The Aquarium is great, and we saved a lot of money by buying this package. I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen. With two really picky children, it was so nice to be able to cook, or at least to have the option. We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown. Nice pool, great workout room, breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening. I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City!
Dzx4EruFPpLU6LBhdljg The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts" 
E1B7uoB5qKWMT9ILqRwe The hotel definitely doesn't match its 4.5 rating. The receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest, and I don't feel welcome at all. I booked a non-smoking room, but upon arrival, the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left. Of course he was lying. I argued with him for 5 minutes, before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room. At checkout, they tried to charge me $40 upgrade fee each day, because I requested a non-smoking room. This was completely ridiculous. I had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges. The room was quite small, the TV was broken, so I had to call someone to fix the TV. Then the wireless network banned my IP address, so I had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- I guess this was the only bright point of the stay.
E4o5p8aqGFssVhl6Ec63 A recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago, revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only. Although the rooms and public areas look nice, the hotel still needs serious work. Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke. We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free. We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted. The new room was better at first glance, but was severely lacking. We could not get the temperature properly regulated. The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay. In a hotel commanding the rates of the James, we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted, not something which is a constant battle. Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable. When the rooms were updated, the James skipped new mattresses. Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can't get out of--when you lie down, you sort of sink into a hole. This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury' hotel. Last, but not least, we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay. In spite of the calming decor, the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night's sleep. All in all, we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location. You will be happier almost anywhere else.
E6Zn8Nhx1rO17Gu5eT01 Affinia hotel in Chicago was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed in. Everything looks very nice and fancy, though the people that work there must be from the projects of Chicago. The customer service was the worst I have ever experienced in my life! When we went to check in, first we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 3 workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in. When the women at the counter finally acknowledged us, she was smacking her gum, and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her! The room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast, and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude. I would NEVER go back, and I hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business.
E6yVM5Bail7IfWgtj0XW The Hilton Hotel helped us make the most of our trip to Chicago. Not only are they centrally located near most of Chi towns hot spots, but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions. The Hilton is very classy with their accommodations. I will be returning at my earliest convenience, be it for business or pleasure.
ECmhSD5wfV5B7lyJPL3z Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there. 
EDMJFtcu0Kzsl5Jt4iL5 We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep. Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you. 
EEKIJzxbybOlRfYfRYiP Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed. 
EFxVawKXC90VYysSdlNK This hotel is beautiful, it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it. The location is wonderful,it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier, which was a great place to show the children on our vacation. We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car,and the valet was very nice and helpful. I also take my work with me everywhere I go,So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus. They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing. This place is great for the price, due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is. This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay. 
EH5r1duX68LhOjwCOf8M This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities. 
EMdy93jKkcmHN5N2KPw9 We had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well. They were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned. After 4 calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels. Overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly 4 star hotel.
ESRRWcpK0ZNoiYsrURoR I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary. We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren. My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married. Everyone was so excited! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites. We hadn't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered. Unfortunately, when we got to our room, the view was disappointing. We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one, but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there. I am asthmatic and became very ill. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told there were no other rooms (even downgrades) available. Nothing was done to try to make up for this. Because of my health, my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend. This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time. Now, when I think of my 10th anniversary, I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
ESVznExeoSo46UbSO0Bb I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
EVdbCNlnGKIqhAxZFvR3 We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us. At check-in, we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn't need, but if we were staying longer, it would have been a godsend. This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain. We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed....but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it, this isn't the one. We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel (Kitty O'Shea's) which has great food. (We have stayed here before and always end up eating here.) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Navy Pier. They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window. Overall, we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton. (Our 4th stay) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel.....41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous. 
Ea4Oy6gHT9oABYD2PPyt During my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.
Ec8lujZLxkPuO5AQGTVC When you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered. The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can. The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected. When you enter your room the decor catches your eye. Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it. The restroom tub is large and made of marble. The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home. I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while.
EkdZTDNGtkwcjf1aPKUl This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. 
EkjLZSVN8rRsJ5Ji4hy7 I disliked the Sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the Grand Hyatt after the first night. We checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately. We were tired from our flight, but went downstairs to change rooms. The second suite smelled just as bad, but stayed anyway. I disliked the hotel lobby, the staff, the decorating, and especially the bed. HORRIBLE. Soft, flimsy mattress. We come to Chicago frequently. We have always stayed at the Grand Hyatt and never been disappointed. We just thought we'd try some place new. Never again. Back to the Hyatt or Four Season we go!
Eo4G4bB3DRpaKP6CnIA7 The Amalfi Hotel Chicago portrayed itself to be a luxurious comfortable place to stay. When arriving at the hotel my party and I had over a 20 minute wait just to check in. We were treated like cattle once we were able to check in at their "private" counter that their website highlights. It felt as though I was sitting with a bank teller rather than checking in. Not only did the wait and process take seemingly forever, but our reservations were completely wrong. I ended up having to settle for a double non-smoking room when I had reserved a smoking king room. Not having the room I requested and was assured was available is completely unacceptable for the high prices of this supposedly high end luxurious hotel. I was not compensated for having to switch rooms and Audrey our Experience Designer was no help at all even when we called down upon entering the room which smelled of urine and stale booze. I recommend saving a handful of money and checking into a chain hotel in the area. The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is a waste of time and money as far as I am concerned especially when I could stay at a cheaper chain hotel and get better treatment and comfort. Don't waist your time staying here.
EoOTjBX7WKXnR4ccf70L I booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice, spacious, clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly, which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine, and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then, when she saw that my room was not on a high level, she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel! 
Eq4QPMwx5kERUBueDcw1 My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February. Everything about the hotel and experience was superb. The location was wonderful as well. Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier. The best part of the stay was the "sweet sleeper" bed. It was so comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful as well. Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton! I will stay here again! 
EqC5zzI5kc2LLZLfELwJ I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City. 
Es7r9fzhBDJEmLsfBEOE We stay at the Palmer House when we attend conferences in Chicago. It is a stately building. But this year, there were ... problems we have not had before. First, they now have wi-fi available, but it is not free. The cost is $7.50 per hour. On-line it indicated that Hilton hotels charge about $4, but this was almost double. Many hotels have free wi-fi. Wi-fi is wi-fi, so the level of service is not a factor that could justify this exorbitant cost. They also charge for their fitness center, even when you are only going to use the machines. There is no business center in-house for copies, etc. Our bed was against a wall that separated us from the bathroom in the next room. It did not separate us from the bathroom noises. When someone took a shower (at 5:30 a.m.), the pipes "sung" like old pipes do,but very loudly. An empty wine glass sat outside someone's room door for days without being picked up by housekeeping. The concierge desk had only one person and there was always a line. If you called down, you were put on hold while they dealt with the people in the line. The staff were all very nice, and the location can't be beat, but the luxury prices for normal services felt like a ripoff this year. I doubt we'll return....
Eu8yYnoJdhQWuMjKzocB We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco. Great location for walking and beautiful rooms. The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests. Will definitely stay there again!
EyhcWPsnagyJQ2Apgeln Attended a wedding in Chicago; Sofitel is new, humming, very very modern (W hotel style - minimalist) and a great location. However, I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel. We checked in at 7 PM and our room wasn't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me!!! I had to wait in the hallway .... On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still wasn't made up. The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room. Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one....I gave up...This is a hot, youth hotel but for my next visit, I think I'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping, a somewhat larger room that you can walk around, and a less trendy, hot, loud clientele. I'm over 40.
F5VEICMh9JOzzA6xjatd My experience as Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was horrible. Me and my wife were on a road trip from New York and stopped had reservations for Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. We arrived at 12:00 AM and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked! My wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy. My wife couldn't handle the smell of the room so I asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else. They refused and were very rude and unhelpful. We had to stay the night, and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again.
F6Jj2ftYhj8iCOkYhyEi I stayed at the Chicago Fairmont for four nights for a conference. My fiance' accompanied me. When we checked in, we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed. So instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined, we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like Ward and June Cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house! We discovered that the coffee maker wasn't working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it, and waited two and half hours. We had issues with the plumbing, including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took 45 minutes to fill. The toilet stopped working twice. We returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room, sitting on the bed, watching the tv and talking on her cell phone. They bellman were rude, and wouldn't let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment. There were errors on our bill. Last but not least, we saw a ROACH in the drawers. Alive. The restaurant downstairs was decent, and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the Hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better. I will never ever stay here again under any circumstances.
FAZmQQ4mJ0ZYPccZN0UI Hotel Monaco is simply amazing. I travel quite a bit, and am use to generic hotels, with horribly unimpressive rooms, and "5 star amenities" which usually mean a packet of instant coffee, and room service that won't serve after 9pm. Hotel Monaco on the other hand was very impressive. The suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy. This hotel has such personality. My absolute favorite part of my stay, aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs, was the in-room spa treatment. Hotel Monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me. Generic just won't do anymore.
FAm9ygpOaTbBs713nqWw The James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down. I was expecting a truly spectacular experience. On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel. Well, my family's bad experience started right when we walked in the door. It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else, and the man at the front desk was extremely rude. We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us. The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren't already in the room. The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym. All in all, I feel that we paid way too much for what we got. Next time I will look to stay somewhere else.
FBzIlevaMMD1PCuRoFH2 I would never stay here again. For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel, it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services. I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained.
FDbFrNHtbKyZDe0RK4gH I never write these reviews, but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service, Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet, Lack of Respect, allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints, Phantom charges to room, front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son, and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young, look young in how we dress, but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up, the concierge exclaimed that, "You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?" Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking, comfortable beds, great room service, contemporary, younger crowd, but service was terrible.
FG7HdLIE8u992MEmkooN The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. 
FVvxXQ4Vrfflkx2JPOOT Truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . Rooms are small, dirty, and in no way represents the web sites representations. Staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment. At best it is a 3 star facility ands with so many options in Chicago, "please" avoid this one. I had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms.
FWXGkWcn6fL50dwWLoRq My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.
FdOhZ52WdHcXvGBfyRkn I checked into this hotel, Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day, I woke up with bed bug bites, numerous, on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered, which they did. Interestingly, no one from the management, other than the security guy who came when we first complained, even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day, I called as I forgot something in the previous room, only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting!
FmU5ETfNEQTpzrw4onwc I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived, we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So, we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel, cab fare, and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned, we had to get up, pack up our suitcases, check out of the hotel, take a cab, check back into the Amalfi, only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well, more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad, it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However, it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles, but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So, overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed!
Fom87UomuwoPPWZlXa2u Do NOT stay at this hotel! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago. Though it was a bit pricy, we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location, and the rooms looked large and well-kept. Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time. However, despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay, when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room. The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us, and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late. To top it off, the maid service was terrible. The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed; no vacuuming, no fresh towels, etc. We didn't want to stay the third night, but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee. This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide, you'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.
FpHQHc8Ttwi7O9YJZrj7 The only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee. The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent. 
FrlouX0j1dRLBZRQ9Osl I stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend. Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate. We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in, we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel. Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention, she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault. Needless to say I will not be staying here again.
FxIDQLkH8aphrw7K4xXI The James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities. 
G4JQAypD4f5AfUjLQzvu I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid.
GA6DkcIrDNn7iqkuumlC Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile, includes a great breakfast, heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long, long time. 
GBCHL9e9JhrnvrYQ6W9s The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
GBEoNgUk3SYrVnEjtuuY My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue, Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I've seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV's. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. I'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it won't be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms, location and staff! I've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation. 
GFJXABFivY4q2DxbbwK9 I was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. It was a hot summer day and I turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out. I called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it. I felt the person I spoke to was rude to me. They were not accepting responsibility, but talking down to me as if I was stupid. After waiting 30 minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower. This was not a service person. He could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem I was having. He expected a tip and complained when I did not give him one. Nobody came up after that. I was told I could switch to a different room, so I had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor. The shower did work in this other room, but I didn't have the view of the city that I had in the first room. I was looking at a brick wall. Plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night. I complained and the hotel staff told me they were VIPs and could not do anything about the noise. This hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable. Do not go to the Omni Hotel. I've stayed in $50 a night motels with better service.
GIX1CnlJtBqpmVNHXu4N I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
GJunJLBo6lZC1hNGb9cA I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel!
GLYPdQOw2b0sXRDfjhn9 I recently had my wedding at the Omni Hotel in Chicago and I was more than pleased. The decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one, I was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once I met with the staff at the Omni I was certain that it was the way to go. The staff was so attentive and friendly, and I felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel. I highly recommend the Omni Hotel in Chicago, brides will not be dissapointed!
GLdxjHK18F1dT5CE28Bh I just had a conference there. They have bed bugs--I have all these bug bites and it itches like hell. Food wise, we had chicken BOTH times for lunch (maybe my company was saving some $) but they should at least prepare them differently. It looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying "bed" upon which it is served. For dinner, we had filet mignon and crab cake. Sounds good right? Wrong! The filet mignon seems to be 1/2 the thickness of what I have seen and it was tough. I thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow???? Also, the crab cakes was a bit too salty. Finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking. In asking my co-worker, most seem to be blase about the food. However, some seem to like the burger (which they went to substitute) at the Palms, which is a restaurant inside the hotel, just off the lobby. On the positive note, the dessert for dinner was good. Otherwise, I'd recommend another hotel. In the meantime, when I got home, I make sure to bring EVERYTHING straight to the washer/dryer to disinfect (even strip down). But, damn, I'm still itchin'
GMf4cIxKzIieKDyACNf5 The Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel, the service is always poor, and the room service food always comes cold, unless it's supposed to be cold than it comes warm. I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again.
GPb8YmjRgIAm5sSGMcjN We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay. The hotel has recently renovated there rooms. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us. The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers. Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker. JOHN and JUDY. 
GPiXIkPxnSYRz5Nkh8ga I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime! 
GT0Lw7kfFtpTqQ6xzk0d having stayed in standard hotels before, when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least. After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing. We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection. The room was spacious had robes and slippers, a stocked mini-bar, The mattress was comfy, and the whole room was clean. The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife. In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds. Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping, my wife was in heaven however, and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards. The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago.
GWZNXvq1clYbU24VKAne Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep. 
GaURBsBKj6RodBpoqdD4 Good location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well. Front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow. Nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair (housekeeping staff could/should have reported each day) - partially clogged shower head, dripping sink, etc. Clean and OK, but neglected - we expected more from an Intercontinental Hotel. Many hotels to choose from in this area of Chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other.
Gfw7qyFoz6Sp7XUJAvDf I wrote an email to the sales & reservation team a week ago.........i'm still waiting for a response. All I wanted to do was book a suite for 2 nights but they failed to even reply with an offer. We have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails. Shame you missed out, coz we tip like rockerfellers!!
Gm0xtXtY135qcQMKYZau We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc.
GmPjjbDOPZjhZ8FJbM7a this is my letter to the management..... Sir or Madam: I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi. We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23. During our stay we used the "Valet" Service operated through Standard Parking. Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments. Much to my chagrin, $44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring, despite the premium over "self park". I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel, but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation. This was not the case. I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests
GsxpmiT9giN1VBbHkWRU My husband and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of Sept. 17-18, 2011. When we were planning our vacation, we were impressed with the hotel. The exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room. We first started to wonder if we'd made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags. We had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change. This seems like something a supposedly "world class" hotel should be able to avoid. The good: Our room did have a nice view and when I sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud. The shower was very pleasant. The bad: The room was very small and the bed was not the King size we had requested. We felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay. We have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed. The restaurant options were acceptable, although the service was not as excellent as described. Perhaps we expected a miracle that would've changed our minds about the hotel. We were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted. We usually enjoy partaking of room service, but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend. Next time, we will look into other hotels in the Chicago area.
H9dyua6wcoVPPzxx79Pi My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago. We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel. I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel. Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I couldn't set up a pack and play for my son. I had to call and "upgrade" my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep. The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn. The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty. I will NEVER stay there again.
HBSGOTHPZFxArc6hD4zI For 250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
HBTyMArq6mapTWILgskI The James Chicago is a stuffy, uninviting hotel. If you are looking for all of the comforts of home, do not stay here. The rooms are like boardrooms,not bedrooms. Definitely not a child-friendly hotel. The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious. I would not vacation here again, especially not with children. They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel!
HGdwXKBSayeMRdyZNlJA excellent staff and customer service, very clean and spotless. elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view. the bed is very comfortable and relaxing. i give it a five star.
HHNXXZhkXiHX4Cw8qSFj Stayed over Memorial Weekend for 2 nites, 2 rooms. Great Hotel, we always love breakfast in morning,and drinks in even when applicable. Around the corner from magnificent Mile,and close to lots of restaurants. Staff was great, we even checked in early before noon,and other room available less than hour later. Fresh fruit was available to us,and bell guys are cool. Suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here, house cleaning kept our room clean,and we felt safe! 
HPHp8iZ3zNGVW2tfFV6z At the InterContinental Chicago, you pay for more than a room. You pay for an experience. Let me elaborate. I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities. Like any novice traveller to Chicago, I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs, and those were originally what I set my sights on. Price is a powerful signal, and the sheer discount of those options drew me in. But after doing a bit of research, I realised that distance does have its costs. The price of transit in the Chicagoland area isn't free. And it's far from what I'm used to. Car use is price prohibitive. (I knew that originally, which is why I wasn't going to drive.) But the sting of using the automobile (parking, congestion, toll roads, etc.) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental. So, I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit. But mass transit has its costs too, which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages. That's what originally drew me to InterContinental. But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place. The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable. I was travelling on international business, so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw. (They had a currency exchange right there on the premises.) And the fact that massages, dry cleaning, and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus. My work gets me tied up in knots. It also leaves little time for doing chores. So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me. But, on top of all that, the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top. Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders--and something I won't forget. In the end, if you're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch, the InterContinental is for you. The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive, but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs, it's nothing in the end. And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options, it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be.
HWLQKtvYINGYpmmZez2I This was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago!
HYKWF5sHzKAQ6e3hChwQ I can't recall another time I've had to deal with such rude front desk help. While pleasant initially, as soon as I demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that I was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in (I arrived prior to check-in time, so they were holding a few bags), the true quality of this establishment surfaced. Never mind that the luggage wasn't sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for 15 minutes at 7:30pm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop. While that was a bit annoying, the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of Donna, the very attractive but aloof front desk employee. Her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness, as I noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay, including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning. I also booked a rate that included parking, which Donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately; I assume after I got on her bad side. Even with my last polite good bye to the front desk, I felt a phony, uppity attitude from Donna, and I really can't convey the extent of how insulting it felt. I can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy. Great location as well. To be fair, most of the staff seemed very friendly, and I am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier. But I think most travelers, like me, would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service, so as to not have a "situation" that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience. Unfortunately, that was the case here.
HbG398VBk5oOiEh2rXh1 This hotel was everything we were looking for. My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out. The Talbott Hotel was incredible. The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area. Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago!
HdSDCS6wp1SXOdI7DDKf Whatever you do, do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I made that mistake, and it was terrible! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job. Our room was only "cleaned" twice in a week's stay, and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it. They didn't even empty the trash cans! As for the "in-suite" kitchen, it was awful. We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room, but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty, greasy microwave? It seemed a better idea to eat out, and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food. I didn't hear good things about their breakfast offerings, anyways. If I were you, I'd avoid this place like the plague. I know I'm certainly never going back!
HeoXonH2YomW4mt70NNC On a recent business trip to Chicago, I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel. Upon entrance, the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice. However, as I approached the check in counter, the woman working there was very terse and rude to me. They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it, I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me. After a half hour, I finally received the correct room. The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality, they were scratchy and had a musty smell. Also, the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket (including a condom) and there was no shampoo. Also, I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee. When I called the front desk to ask for some, they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account. I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there.
HkNM46yMpZWp7WAz6mAs a great hotel, we used the CTA the 2 days we were in Chicago and it is great, that the Line 6 stops nearly in front of the hotel. So we did not need any taxi and traveled from Midway to the city and to Ohare for 9$ and we used the buses alot (freezing cold). The hotel itself is great, very clean rooms, realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had. Staff very friendly, they even found me out were i can get Timerland shoes.... and she was right i got them in one place she told me... thats service...I also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area, did not use it and I do not know if it would have been included in the room price....but realy a nice view makes running easyer.... 
Hontx6jiDU8WozzERmOi This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke,, you had to step inside, move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty. It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville, IL
IBYwednAZLzFNoMX8dQx Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized " a gift". So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package. 
IExcU3BZSSLO9v8kSjFC I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!!
IFqujzgtGZLylPH39uKQ My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend. 
IGHiE9AvzriUCocfdhGh I found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years, and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located, although i had a view of a building site, and did have an ambience and some charm, however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time, having previously attempted to check in earlier, tired and in need of a rest, while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested, breakfast was not included in the price, all the things requested of reception did not occur, and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant, where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all.
IMGiXIO5ISNatpN0sjVC We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
IQ4jZpIDDhzCfzx0CCLV We stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend. It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile, right near the Chicago River and the NBC building. We had a double room in the main tower. The room was very clean and updated. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access. Also, parking is high ($45 valet/day). Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel. We paid $90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price. 
IRgYrbo3bPKAO63XpGra Upon arrival at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff. From the moment we checked-in until we left; the staff, from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating. Since we had our two daughters with us, we booked the traditional double room. The room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too. It had plenty of room for the four of us--or should I say five of us. The girls did not want to leave home without ChiChi, our teacup Chihuahua. Fortunately, the Amabassador East allows small pets (with a pet waiver). That made everybody happy! The location is great as well. Conviently located. Easy to get to from Lakeshore Drive. Close to the museums. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago. I'll be staying here again!
IUhR7bup55UYGRCLbJOJ The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible. The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn't even have a record of our reservation. After much inappropriate arguing, they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine. When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV. It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably. The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in. A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount. We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel, the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club. Overall, the service at the Sofitel was rude, rooms were unsatisfactory, restaurant sub-par, not well kept up or clean. In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record, like the FancyPants Hotel and suits, my personal favorite.
IUqu1vq94qDz2ZQaGIRJ I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, Il. From the start, the experience was bad. The room was filthy, there were no towels, and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation. I will never stay there again. I could not have been more dissatisfied.
IWIoQCxNk8L65YeHkgvL I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it! The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access. 
IYNXEpv9HnjoitY7MHFU After reading good reviews about the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, my husband and I decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our 30th anniversary. Unfortunately, the hotel missed the mark for us. I did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a 4-star hotel. Because my husband and I have had a bad experience with bedbugs, as a rule, we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they practically accused us of planting the bugs there. I was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled. Needless to say, we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary. I have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation. I have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that I will be refuting the charge for the one night the Affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline.
IafKXbpz6L7BOd9Cw26t The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word, dreadful. The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic. The service is terrible. If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go! Throughout a whole week, beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned. The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit, they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago. This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America. Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
Id080r9gsueTFCtLNbXm The James Hotel in Chicago looks nice on the website, but looks can be deceiving! The employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting. I would definitely advise against staying there.
If2WnLq5Pe7dK1AiViuW I stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town. It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it! The staff was super friendly, the pool was clean and well-maintained, and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs (I'm a vegetarian). Plus, I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous. I would definitely recommend. 
IgQOhveLGaTRP03Dv6jO We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier) The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location, but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier, but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants, although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk, and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I <3 CHICAGO 
IhP3aQEKTxv1PMnm3E5t I haven't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service. I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental, but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel's "Cyber Monday Special". The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website, the hotel will match that amount in "James Credits" that can be used toward your stay. None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits. My next trip to Chicago is in April, so I thought I'd give The James a try. I travel frequently with my pet and I've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy. So today I went online and bought a $500 certificate. Me, having the one track mind that I do, somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31, 2010. I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament. I said I couldn't be in Chicago until April (I'm overseas on business until then), and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month, or it not, refund my gift certificate purchase. I had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn't even recieved my email confirmation yet. Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period. The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying "too bad, it's your problem now". She didn't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all. So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James, I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel, or try Hotel Monaco. I hear they have great service and are good with pets too.
IiUQvQRFNrmKo4rJGHmO I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
IoXqDR9tzGQxQ1FkVEmJ Although much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
IpEGfaD37pBN8Q9sDDv1 My wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area.
IrjHq7vEr4Cj5Lv7luaw This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed, nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The "fitness center" is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated "warm, Irish hospitality" and short of a barman, no one was Irish, warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off.
IwhmmqcxFeJwGN8z7DFN I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel. It was my first time staying at this hotel and, I am sorry to say, it was my last time staying there. One of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise. The walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night I could hear my neighbors in the next room talking. Although I could not quite make out the words of their conversations, I could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer. In addition, I was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door, presumably on the way to their rooms. Admittedly, I am a light sleeper, but this was ridiculous. If you decide to stay here, I suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out. When I checked mine, I found that I was being charged a rate higher than the one that I was supposed to be charged. I had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me (and the front desk service is woefully slow) and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected. Finally, though I had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated, I cannot believe that statement was accurate. The room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn. All in all, I round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing. Next time I will arrange to stay elsewhere.
IwuuUhHgL4ISQEwo1F6m I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago while on a business trip. I have to say that I was very displeased with the service i received during my stay. Even though their website boasts that their staff will be at your beck and call, i found them to be very rude. The beds were extremely uncomfortable and the noise level very high. I was awakened by guests in the next room several times. Even though I complained to the front desk, they did not resolve the issue. I definitely would not recommend this hotel and I will be staying at a different hotel if I am in the area again.
Iy2Y7SOSrI9ZlhU0Cy4G Me and my husband stayed in the Allegro Hotel Chicago for 4 days 3 nights recently. We got a room with a king size bed.. Although the room is small, we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages & all. However, we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable, the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us. The walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound. 1 of the days, our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels, rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign. The worst is upon returning to the hotel at night, we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage. The housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins. This is unacceptable to us. The hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night. Although it is near the CTA trains, i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view. Am staying again at a Kimpton hotel in San Fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change! Overall, not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to Chicago again!
Iy9mQzFLpshZVfUmFQb5 Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant. We enjoyed the location. We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue. We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn. We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe, the Chicago History Museum, and Second City from our hotel. Our room was spacious and well-kept, and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening. We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place. 
J0uHlMw0a4h68noPQ1P6 This is a great hotel but there is no way that I would recommend it until the construction around it is complete. The elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at 5:30am and goes on into the night. Dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on 24/7. Worst of all, the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating. Ugh!
J0ykzj3tDP0dWnEh9A7w We booked directly with the Intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night. After our wedding, we went to the Hotel excited and happy. When we got there, the night changed. We were treated rudely and with no respect. They told us there was "no room" even though we had a confirmation number. Instead of showing any empathy, they told us to go sit down while they figured out "what to do with us". My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown! No apology! No concern! We were given $20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they'd "found" a room. The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night. We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience. This place was supposed to be elegant. We've never been treated so poorly. We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple!!! STEER clear of this place.
J1lbqHjC8moklVRFrvCV The International Chicago Magnificent Mile is shrouded in glamour, but underneath the facade fades away. The "classical architectural landmark" should be translated to "old and boring. I found this hotel via Google and have regretted it ever since. Room size was small and unaccommodating, and that was one of the newer rooms! Everything was free except for the gym (why that wouldn't be free with the price I paid I don't know). This hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get, and I would not recommend staying there.
J3AzcN33YTaUSzvNVQG8 The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again! 
J3HFcGo8AMRl4XKVmCsW This is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler. It offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined. With a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace, they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague. The restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client. And all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown Chicago
J4qQ5TnxqoXcSmGXmXzd My Husband and I did not enjoy stay at Hotel Allegro! The room was so small. The bathroom was ridiculously stupid, everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself. Truly one person at time in the bathroom, it was like being in an airplane's bathroom. The walls are so thin, we heard the people across hall having sex. The some staff were really rude. I did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out. Check out time is 11am or 12 and we got a know on the door at 8AM with the sign stating " do not disturb. " The hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms, no mini fridge, and no coffee maker either. NO DRAWERS to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny. We were there for four days and three nights, so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at. I also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car. My Husand and I will never stay at Hotel Allegro again!!!
J65wa5FGgJV2MKa2hnh0 I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary. The hotel is in a great location, but that doesn't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff. It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet. I spent more money than I would normally, hoping for a luxury experience, and left very unsatisfied.
J7lMgbXtshX9Bsc3OTQd Beautiful views and awesome service! My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel in Chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college. We have been to Chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before. First off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing. So beautiful! The views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless. The fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference. From the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area, everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the Chicago Skyline. We took advantage of the Executive Club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the Palm restaurant. Delicious food! We will definitely stay at the Swissotel the next time we visit Chicago.
JA5ISUWoskbJumz8NJvm We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city. To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations. Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one... elevator that is working to the second floor to register. Our first room was recently renovated.....stark white walls, no amenities at all. Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room. Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud, a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair. No fride, coffee maker, iron, or even a picture on the stark white walls. We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor. While this room was attractive, we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning. The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking. lake shore drive
JKWmS8Qfc2YOAavr09Kz I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future. 
JL12B8cerDSnePLDJYuA Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling 
JM9pQp3Hm5lUR6bTFgfb MY WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!
JSxaDo7RAD9ujaQxTgJ5 My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return. 
JbFlw7rIZMzS5xojnCle I stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money.
Jbi5Y0iWu3Gc0SSCXP65 I stayed at the Sheraton as it was where a conference I was attending was being held. On the plus side, the hotel is reasonably well located, within a few minutes walk of Michigan Avenue. My room had a superb view out over the river. However, for the price I must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment. The decor was dated, and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty. The wifi is ridiculously expensive, and frustratingly as a conference delegate I was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for 24 hours access. There was no wifi in the conference rooms, although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails. I know Chicago is expensive, but for that price I feel the experience should have been better.
Jc26lHOTgXEKVhFfyHBV Recently, I traveled to Chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The whole experience was wonderful! The room was spacious and beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable that I had no problem falling asleep, as I normally do at other hotels. The staff were polite and courteous, and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant, I went to my conference with a smile on my face.
Ji7oEDeqtNZylwNXg1Eg First of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all, the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is. Then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room. The room it's self is very spacious and clean. The pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel, they never seemed to run out. The service is beyond exceptional. I would recommend staying at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown to anyone.
JthDNuvhHUJiPXy8Zf7y Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
Jule92itxNdd5MvBqdq3 The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower!
KLrAJkX8wsMBHYvaYJZ1 i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
KLxk9h4b7YHs4ky2BPa7 We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago. 
KNGlVp3gxo5a3x51RyfK My husband and I had a wonderful time at Swissotel Chicago, when my husband went for a trade fair. We got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money. Clean and comfortable, chic and new fixtures. The view of the pier was magnificent. Staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow. It's right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty.
KPixlyiwRuONlktDFMQl I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get.
KgYmVuFScNyfCrwpGPA0 Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her. 
KjJKQzoQngtlaZLnsovp While I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before, this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation. 
KruOCKUzQbDdLzY4mOML I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and there is no way I'll be going back. Check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk. My room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before I ever was here. For the price I was paying, you'd think they'd allow access to the work out facilities, but they wanted an outrageous PER DAY charge! Top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you won't want to be spending any time here at all. To top it off, the promised discount rate wasn't honored at the end of my stay, despite being assured that all was well at check in! I ended up arguing with the manager about it when I was checking out - since I had to catch a flight, no resolution happened and as of yet, I'm still waiting for responses to my calls and letters. Chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night I paid, it wasn't worth it. Even the Shula's wasn't enough to make me want to return here.
KtGE4rYOqu1vJCSER7Ws If you love Brick Walls and Alleyways, then this view is for you. I asked for a room facing the river, I get a room facing a Brick Wall. That really pissed me off. From all the great reviews, I was expecting better. Before I came here, I stayed in a Hyatt in NYC, and that was awesome. There was nothing about the hotel that blew me away. The wine hour was ok. I was hoping there would be something better food, but I guess that's why it's a wine hour. I ordered room service one night. There wasn't really anywhere to eat it, so I had to eat it on my bed to watch tv. This was my first time coming to Chicago, and I think it will be my last. Just thoroughly disappointed.
KtPi9swFlL6gMp6AKCgd Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience. As soon as I approached the front desk, I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous. They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry, the Broadcast Museum, the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower. I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed, a 27 inch television, non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities. The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track. Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
Kvb3sba9rtOfOmqYwOjZ What a wonderful experience, super great, helpful, friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice, make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again. THANKS AGAIN 
L0LOpr7MId3ikkS48SMg The hotel is almost always very helpful. This stay caused me to re-think if I like the Palmer House. I had dirty covers for the bed. It was also the smallest room in the hotel I am sure. My husband and I usually come 8 times each year. He is there doing Business and CTA work. We are not pleased with the size of the room at all now. Rooms have always had two chairs, desk, and usually 22 by 25 feet. Not this room on the 11th floor. It was only 15 X 17 approx. The service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time. In the past we had a bell man steal a $300. pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially.
L0SZpBxpebR2Lmu5FtC4 While this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny, all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel, but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel (ever!). The crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again. The newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet. The shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean. This hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides. There is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface, probaly concrete with no pad in between. The lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space. We were in town on business and supposed to stay 4 nights, we left after 2 and went to another hotel.
L2YSnPm1CHU3aMy18RLm The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel. This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax. It has everything you could possibly want to relax, workout, and feel luxurious. A must stay at hotel, I give it five stars.
L2b9E7NTaxyBVhQlx900 Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
L4dpvZlQQyHfLGkrCHhB This will be the only hotel I will never forget in my life. Hotel Monaco Chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice. Whether if it's a King Delux Room or a Tranquility Suite, all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based, so it suits ones personality. Even if you are a super sized person, like me with a height of 6"4', there are special "Tall Rooms" just for you. My days went very fast when I stayed there becuase there was so much to do there. In the mornings I would do yoga from the Yoga Channel. Then I would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper. Before I go to a meeting, I would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service. After I come back from the meeting, I would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines. I just didn't want to leave that hotel; so I decided that the next time I come to Chicago, I will surely stay at Hotel Monaco Chicago.
L5NbOyqTemub0pFwGNrB I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife. We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I can't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was. When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday (check-in is 3pm), our room was not ready. We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room. Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray. Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room. We decided to just go out for an early dinner. After arriving back to our room around 9pm, our key didn't work. We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one. The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning! Why would you try to clean the room that early??!! The 'do not disturb' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay. After that early wakeup, we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned. The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked. Eventually we did get a new room but I didn't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so. Our new room was fairly nice, and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful, but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won't stay there again.
L7RYYYApYIQTZGvUZn1e this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality . 
LG0KVXD7tFokCn1D92yY This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times, I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start, this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line), when I mentioned this, I was told I could have the lower price. At check in, the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers, we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day, we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same.
LLzqTyc7po6Tp9admpIf Not a good start when the front desk isn't willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room! We reserved a King Suite, and the hotel put us in a Queen Suite without telling us up front. Only after we confronted the Manager did they come clean about the switch, he offered us a free breakfast, but would not up-grade our room. The whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the Omni. We will not be retuning to this Hotel again.
LN0q0rlhKmpuasnqFtAl We have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights,a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor,absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop,but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn,not a real bus stop,but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel. 
LQ5WWv14MijIoIhUtPyy Our suite at the Knickerbocker are quite nice, but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal. First, a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present. Not a tremendous problem, but when the young woman at the front desk replied "What do you want me to do about it" with the tone of a flippant teenager, I began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff. Fast forward to this evening. Following a lovely meal off the premises, we chose to turn in a bit early at 11:30 pm only to discover that despite our best intentions, the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room. Acting prudently and with restraint, we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs, but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response. Sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel, and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume. On one hand I appreciated his honesty, but on the other, I truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property. Since we're out of options for the evening, we've decided to stay up and try to watch TV for the time being, but given the circumstances, the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession. Also, I was alarmed to learn that while I slept the prior night, a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property. This wouldn't have been a concern if like nearby hotels, the Knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby. Would I stay here again? Maybe on a dare, or if someone else was footing the bill. Yet I've had better experiences in road side motels, and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests, and more importantly simple common sense.
LUl6mkzYXGtpaZdWZEcR My family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in Chicago. Check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of Chicago. Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay here again.
LX02kkU8GqzersEn4jEn For the amount of money per night that the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel charges, one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom. The toilet wouldn't flush, the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking. When I called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet, the staff were indifferent. It was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures, and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink. All in all, I was disappointed with my stay.
LeElJECBoofSJRTYCvIo We stayed at the Swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from Aug 25 to 29. I had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife. Jaymes Ballard, the Concierge, made arrange for flowers, early check-in and we had a great room. Our room was the 33rd floor with a view facing the city. Room was large, everything looked like new, great bed, large bathroom with separate shower, great ammenities. A beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival. The hotel is about 10 mins from everything, not close but not far from anything. Has a great restaurant, 2 patios outside where I had a cigar. A really nice pool and hot tub on the 42nd floor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to Jaymes for making our trip very special. 
Lg4XrYxV6akQkFM2WYbP Our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.I believed it would be the best part of the trip; I discovered it was an unfolding nightmare. While in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor, a voice emanating from the phone, informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow. Anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom, wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door.Do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions.We nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone.We then decided to exit via the stairs, realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells, doors behind you were locked.We continued to travel downward, against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers.Obviously, we were rescued without any physical injuries; yet emotionally we were damaged.I now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less.
LnHPgcVMQQNtfdJY493i When my sister got married last summer, our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco, so it's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax! The kids ADORED the indoor pool, Billy couldn't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path, and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day. The reception dinner at Shula's Steakhouse was fun and delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit!
Lpp9MIgYHV1uW1v3Wjkb we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!
LwhoMIY4rj9aThA9icIW I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)
LwjQd562HZw7ywhEmthV My family chose to stay at the Chicago Hilton during our last trip to the city. We wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices. I can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the Hilton. The staff treated us well, the rooms were clean and roomy (we loved the Serenity beds), and the hotel itself is stunning. It was like stepping back in time. We loved that the Chicago Hilton was close to numerous attractions. The weather was lovely, so it was great to walk to Navy Pier, Sears Tower, and the Adler Planetarium. We will definitely stay at the Hilton the next time we are in Chicago.
LxLUa7yS9qkV8S6Xz8E0 This hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost 2 hours to get there. By that time, I was so tired I was just ready to check in to my room. I stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk. That was only the beginning. It was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around. I guess it's because they're located in the middle of the downtown area, but they could at least make the walls thicker. I don't want to hear everything going on in my neighbor's room. The bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it. The toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street. The restaurant food was horrible and I would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger. Overall, I was very disappointed with my stay at the Conrad Chicago.
LzB2Sl68NDTN7eWByr9y We became an Ambassador member just before spending Mother's day at the Chicago Intercontinental, and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room. Our Saturday night stay was the BEST $99 we ever spent (Mother's day special). The welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note; the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner (moderately priced) , and the great Sunday breakfast topped it all off. All in all, Mother's day in Chicago was Super. We loved it enough to be back for Labor Day weekend (another "package"). 
M2TkR9e0IroiVmhaMqWL I went to stay at this hotel last year. I have got to say it was a great authentic experience, the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff. Its location couldn't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping. Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful. It is very affordable. I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town.
M67Pv5PFGXD23q0lKO2f The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed, so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again.
M75p6pxhO98gXYquukcP Great front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.
M8Wn3wU5wRwYvJvigPKT I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a high-end hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference, and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to, but this hotel definitely wasn't that place. The restaurants were mediocre at best, despite their high prices; I repeatedly got food that was bland, overcooked, or lukewarm. The room was fine, but nothing special; I think I'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago. A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel, though, was with their Jet Set Pets program; it's hard to find a decent, relaxing hotel that I'll like that will also accept my dog. But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt, who is energetic and loves people but isn't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he's got that terrier look. Multiple people mocked him, or said there was no point grooming him, or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room. I know that it's a fairly high-end hotel, but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs. I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well. The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory, especially for the price. I can give them good marks on their spa services, and I really appreciated the pillow "menu," but other than that it didn't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience, especially given the customer service.
M8l2raiEw3sc0Gy9t1Kk My stay at the Homewood Suites was absolutely one of my greatest stays away from home. The locations right in the heart of downtown Chicago. Within the River north shopping district.I love to shop so that was what i needed. Magnificent 2 room layouts with kitchen. The room was fully equipted with anything I needed,nice Flat screen along with a breakfast buffet and a fantastic complimentary dinner and wine. After dinner and wine I enjoyed the comfort of the heated indoor pool so relaxing. I would recommend these suites to everyone I know. 
MH0UF8Rd9wvl0Rjaukvv I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all.
MJ1fzPXBTpgFwtWmtAPm We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business. What an incredible experience! Friends had stayed there years ago, but when we showed them our photos, they couldn't believe the amazing renovations. While we loved the modern decor and style, our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms. I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling, so I wasn't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room. I have to say I felt great during our entire stay. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno. What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel. This hotel is truly beautiful, everything you would expect from a high-end, big city hotel. Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park didn't disappoint us in any respect. Our only disappointment? We don't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon, but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future. 
MJaEDmjCIuxjGkHwqcJR Me and my husband got married here. We loved the atmosphere of our suite. It felt like home away from home. They have a nice pool. The rooms were clean and the staff was courteous. Thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding. Amy C. of Los Angelas, California
MRm26AwP1VWC3LFcsqRX My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend. The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes. The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile. The mySpa was the getaway of a life time. My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time. Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer. 
MUZN0vfvLi7WED7hXIjq It was my first time to visit Chicago and I would say, i'd definitely go back, not just because of the Air and Water Show that we really enjoyed, but most importantly, because of the hotel that we stayed in. The Millennium Knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests, but with pets too. At first I was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog, but I was surprised it turned out the other way. I've experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that's really frustrating, it's just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit Chicago. 
MYrGdCHWZwTvDNhhCge9 I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever. First, when I went to check in, I was completely ignored by the staff, they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in. When I got to my room, all the way on the 23rd floor, the room was dirty and had not been cleaned. So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room. I went back to check and the new room was dirty also. There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom. It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean. All I can say is YUCK! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms. I felt like I was staying at a $30 a night roach motel, not the $250 a night Sheraton. My advise is to stay away.
MbEolj29cRo2gCO4P8D4 Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago. Though close to many sights, when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue, so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers. We reserved the basic suite. Though we arrived at 5 pm, well past check-in time, our room was not ready for 30 minutes. The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience. Once the suite was ready, it was nice. But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom. We were relocated to another room with apologies, but again, no offer of compensation for the trouble. Once we were finally settled, the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer. The food was okay, but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point. The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service. We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired. Unfortunately, it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected. All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites. We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable. I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago.
McKuYWQ5yK0SH83l14aT This hotel is absolutely beautiful. I is elegant, comfortable and a very relaxing stay. It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping. I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
MdIIGEwUvadjce3GgFjZ This is a great place to stay while visiting Chicago. My husband and I went over the holidays to see my family and we stayed at this hotel. We could not have asked for nicer people! Everyone was always smiling and very helpfull! We usually stay at the Ramada...but will never stay anywhere other than the InterContinental Chicago hotel again! - Casey L. Skinner
MgMry3cvA4xtmYINiONv Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago. I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business, and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town, but alas, I was left disappointed. I arrived in the afternoon, my flight having been delayed, ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening. Unfortunately, my room was not ready. It should have been ready hours earlier, but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff. In any event, I was advised to wait in the bar, creatively named BIG Bar. They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water, not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--I wanted only to relax in my room. I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk. Was my room ready yet? 'What room?' they replied. To my astonishment, it seemed that I no longer had a reservation! How this came to pass, I do not know, and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me. I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned, or furnished, or renovated, or whatever they were doing to make it ready, but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer, who spake "Guest Not Found" or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters. I requested the manager, who was unavailable, presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either. Finally, I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel, with fewer regrets than I would have imagined, to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point. As it was, I found another hotel, better priced, better staffed, and with rooms ready for my custom. So if you are looking an experience like no other, book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. If you want a place to sleep, look elsewhere.
Mi5CwNeLdBUvLXFfReWJ We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again! 
Mk5G6fDizFObHJhe1nAQ Stayed here in November 2011 on a leisure trip to Chicago. Hotel is very dated, with some rooms that just aren't good enough. Front desk staff was rude. Will not be staying here again - prefer the Swissotel and the Hyatt properties (Regency is similarly priced, and Park Hyatt is 3x more) and a list of boutique hotels in the area as well (Kimpton, etc). Pros: -The only hotel that opens onto Michigan Avenue, very close to all of the excitement -Eno Wine Bar has a great selection of cheeses -Rooms are clean Cons: -Some hotel rooms just make no sense - our first room was tiny and had a window overlooking a ledge (effectively no view), and our second room had two windows that looked out onto a brick wall (actually no view) -You have to pay for everything - internet, gym, and the pool (which was not available due to renovation...) -Entire hotel was very old, not in a classical sense but in a ghost story one -Front desk staff was rude
MsHt28gxeOGfx9RZrjrR The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
MwN39Kl7fHVaOO3dxgVH The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
N5FHmF8ocorgtiHGu34q I recently had the misfortune of staying at the Swissotel Chicago hotel in Illinois, and it was one of the worse travel experiences I have ever had! First off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour! Then when the bus finally came, the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel. Finally when we got to the hotel they didn;t seem to have our reservation for the 2nd room. (my wife and I stay in one room, our teenage girls usually stay in their own room.) So after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room. we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left. They hotel did have a large occupancy rate, but that only slowed up everything else. our room service was late almost everytime we ordered, and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then 45 mins. The quality of the room was fair enough, but it was almost impossible to get room service, we could not get fresh towels for almost 2 days! We were suppose to stay for a week, we left after 4 days and found a different hotel to stay at. I would not recommend this place to anyone! stay away!
N5wLuIPBWNTcLukCgjR9 Hello, I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago, and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival. When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees. When I arrive I'm told fee to valet park is $49 per day, plus another $10 for internet. This is just plain ridiculous, and will remember not to stay here in future. There's too many other fine hotels that don't charge these fees.
N73RgJuzwx6eyHFlTUCj This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food, wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi. Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend. 
N8aXj254OK2MI1rXfxhX I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Chicago. My stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff. I needed to do some research for work and the free Wi-Fi made this very easy. The bed was so nice and soft! Even the pillows were fluffy. I was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe. The local restaurants were amazing. I will recommend this to my friends and I am staying here again in the future.
NACq8aCzgF2zUew3fK7x I was sorely disappointed with the Sheraton Chicago. From the outside it looks like a great hotel, and I guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy, not what I expected when looked at the website. The front desk staff was nice enough at first, but when I asked for the wifi password they told me I had to pay extra. I mean come on, I'm paying over 200 bucks a night and wifi is EXTRA? The lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation. (Note to self, don't let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd.) So things started off on the wrong foot anyhow. I guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview (from some of the rooms) and it seems pretty safe. Other than that I was not impressed for the price - I've stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens, a better restaurant, where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour (we stayed two nights and we didn't get our beds made and fresh towels until almost 5). I guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell. In general it seems lke it's on the decline and the staff knows it, they're just kind of lackadaisical. I wouldn't stay there again.
NCXko5UazcHIV02peBzT My stay at the Ambassador East was great! The hotel is in a great location in the charming Gold Coast neighborhood of downtown Chicago. Gave me the feeling of staying in a Chicago neighborhood vs. the concrete jungle of downtown, but the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street are just a few blocks from the front door. The staff was very friendly. Also, really enjoyed having drinks in the historic Pump Room. They had a live band on Saturday, and I really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by. Definitely recommend it. 
NNG16WA8Vpy4hG3WKSNI This hotel does not live up to the reviews. The room was larger than I expected. However, the decor was a bit dated. The bedding was ripped, carpet was stained, and the shower door was broken. There was a long wait to the elevators, and if you're on floors 2-6 you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym. The main issue I had was the attitude I received from the staff. There was literally only ONE nice person at the front desk. There are no ice machines in this building, so you have to request it from the front desk. One day I requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person. 20 minutes later I made a follow up call because I did not receive my ice. I was nastily told that ice takes 10 minutes and I should just wait. I finally got the ice 10 minutes later. Two days later I requested ice again. Waited 30 minutes and just gave up. While I was leaving, I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said "I didn't get a call for ice." Well I obviously wasn't making it up, lady! I called and spoke with someone. She didn't even apologize or offer me anything. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many hotels in the Chicago area. Choose a different one.
NPoibm1W5paApN5DUrOA The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
NQoCL3EtN2ZjTpOPlvDj Grant it, this hotel seems very nice, but I was not at all pleased with my stay here. The customer service was horrible. I had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either. For as much as I paid to stay here, you'd think the least you'd get is an iron. Not! I had to request an iron, too! In addition to all of the failed amenities, I was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn't reimbursed until an entire week later. The next time I choose to visit Chicago, Swissotel will be the last place I think to stay.
NSACjl23GaUPZfa3JLPX Will start by saying the employees were wonderful, especially in the restaurant / bar employees, could not have been nicer.....what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond....Unfortunately, that's where it ends! The rooms, in my opinion, appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty...you know, uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window!!I kid you not; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window!! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly, again... just worn out!!!NOT a 4 star hotel, this seemed to be closer to a 2, perhaps being extremely kind 3 star...I travel on business so I know the difference...I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit, she made sure the door was fixed ASAP. They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days....I wanted to give Omni a shot...big mistake... Unfortunately, brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed, as I had chosen the hotel...She was extremely disappointed as well...should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad!! Lesson learned!
NXngeZjSVY9GrI6fjsSS The sheraton was a wonderful hotel! When me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap. We didnt want to get up! The beds are absolutely to die for. I wanted to take it home with me. The service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in. They had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food. 
NZ7QxAZnHlMtta8qkec5 As I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. 
Na6U40P7pgDgGbeuTlaN What a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.
NeUbXkC6QFTXGkFpR8KZ I have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay. When I first got there, getting checked in was very fast. The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken. The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast. The room was very hip and cool. There was musical items all over the place. I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom. After being in the room a few minutes, I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room. They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room. I needed some things shipped while I was there, which they had supplies to help me with that. After getting some work done, I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around. They gave me information for 3 awesome places. I left and came back after having a night out on the town. They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it. I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift. When I got back to my room, the bed was so comfortable. I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep. In the morning I order breakfast, which was really a Philly cheese steak. They will make anything you want anytime of day. I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed. Thank You Hard Rock, You Rock!
Nk2AXt5E2CBhA9EqWBRC My husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there. We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful. Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again. And, by the way, the wedding was absolutely gorgeous!
Ns3TYoTfIUIAGuoPdOdF The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly. 
NsfmR3T7fC7PXErajJhz The name "Hard Rock" might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here. The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short. The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this. The service is mediocre and the rooms aren't clean. I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun, exciting romance. I should have picked somewhere else. Save your money.
Nv6pcckFO5JLOxAdOcm3 This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago. 
O3DeBCEBg5xq4m2Sa5zQ I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a total of three days, and through out my stay I had a wonderful time. The room was impeccably clean, as well as the pillows and sheets. The beds were large and extremely comfortable. The staff though, in my honest opinion, is what made my stay so pleasant. From the people at the check in, to the waiters at the restaurant, I got the best customer service. The hotel was also conveniently located. It was within walking distance to the shopping center. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in Chicago. 
O5bAd9nWoMkgzTDJYU80 The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future.
O6kvNBMpsySMGQjhuAEh where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but , I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...
OALNENld1xE8xrRNMWgq My husband and I loved this hotel. The staff were friendly, the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price, and we got an extra (free) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it. Highly recommended!
OBmGsZRRTHNVSRcIPvMI While the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible. We had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help, called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened. ...read more
OCRNEbTA59IMiLJTK3Nx The Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist's paradise, a hotel so grand and luxurious that you'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip. But is it really as magnificent as suggested? True, you can get a massage, the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks, heck, there's even a gym. But the truth is, you're really paying much more for a few things you don't really need. The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur, when really, all you're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player. Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant. They claim to serve excellent lobster, yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish, and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth. This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain, hoping their facade won't be revealed.
OGMJqfIFizu6Y4wYus6Z The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating's. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel. 
OGSOnC7iS8ePohcxhYpv My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again.
OH0upJ17TcJ3G0rDOs6q Terrible time at The Talbott. When I planned my vacation to Chicago I called ahead and made reservations to stay here. When I went to check in I was told I didn't have a reservation, knowing my credit card was charged I argued with the guy who was working. Finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else. Thankfully they knew how to use the computer. I go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet. I could not believe it when I complained, I was told to spray some air freshener. I had to go visit family. When I got back my room key did not work. Once again there I was complaining to the helpless employee. He told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet. I could not believe the mentality of this guy. I had one more night reserved, I could not take it anymore and I went and spent the rest of my vacation at my Aunts house. I would not recommend The Talbott to anyone.
OHYujBeUmBn7D9An7F9n I just enjoyed a 3-day weekend at the Swissotel Chicago. A friend of mine booked it and got a GREAT rate. Cheaper than even a fleabag motel. So keep an eye out for specials. The view was great, the location was prime. The staff was helpful. The room was large (we had 2 double beds). I only have one complaint. Our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees (I think) would sneak off to talk on the phone. The sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day. Fortunately, the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn't like it kept us up at night. It was just a little weird. Overall, a great stay and I will definitely stay there again. 
OKuIlaF5jroF6x9ax746 Stayed here for one night in June, but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view, as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby, very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago. 
OMR24ZLEsoPwy8rlv2W2 What a terrible experience my family and I had at Affinia Chicago! First of all, we reserved a room with 2 queen size beds and received only 1 King size bed with a cot. When we got to the room, we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there. What an absolute terror Affinia was and I will never be going back!
OOroDnQlNqN6ftiYZoDR I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. 
OSCsPqG5AAUVrwvwW2FE I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say, it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city. In the past, I've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I'd go with a boutique hotel. I've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco. Basically, I like the friendly, real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I've used before. I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use. South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants. I really dug the complimentary coffee, high speed internet and newspaper. I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service. All in all, I will return to the Monaco. It's a great alternative.
OWYcZPXqGvxtgVBvfkpK I went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel, and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite. Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space. Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick. Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs. The hotel was amazing and beutiful.
OZluGzY48Hd6hy6ChOoF  While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush. The rates for rooms, though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities. The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee, access to high speed internet, bathrobes, and 42 inch flat screen televisions. Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. 
OeBKQy7XnJRpyV5QPRAk I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent, the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby, as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive, and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring. 
OgZ6NgCisPb2u1rf9fWq My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel. On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered. Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money. 
OhTaH98aqtI75MRzstjf Recently stayed at the InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile and was a little underwhelmed. It's convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating. There is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room. Hearing the plumbing from other guests' rooms was particularly annoying. The fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use (at least it wasn't included with my booking choice). Parking was pretty expensive so if you really don't need it, don't use it. Overall, just dissappointed that the great location wasn't matched with great accommodations.
OjAVqOgjxxrq9NehCDI0 I am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city. The staff is very attentive, I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of! The location is great, right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions. My suite was well appointed and very clean. I even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn't find any. The hotel is very luxurious. The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable. The next time I travel to Chicago, I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again.
OjXqosASqd7cOmw7RDUR the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
Ojj9SN4A7aEdBijGpDLb The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city. 
OlVeaBl1ATWc4yACyhE1 This was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go. For this week's vacation in Chicago, I heard several recommendations regarding lodging, but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically. I expected an experience of comfort, luxury and customer satisfaction, but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel. The design is breathtaking -- modern, clean, stylish, sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby, shops and restaurants, to the stunning guest rooms themselves. My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in, and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor. Far from a traditional hotel experience, this was like moving into chic, exclusive downtown apartment, and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living. Impressive, too, was the hotel's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world's resources. From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage, the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world, and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance. It's a respect that shows through, too, in other areas: support for artistic organizations, charities and other programs of merit, as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay, whether for a weekend, a week, or longer. The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago. In fact, we may visit again solely to stay at the James! 
OxDKPpLEN6KMXYy8CvIF I've stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump!
P08RjE6rVWqKwEqgGvxD At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
P09OZRwoLT9glUauVvuN Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
P1LF3wsNwHhjtajzAl4Y This was a refreshing change from the ordinary. I loved the location, the service and the amenities offered by this hotel. The room was charming with a window seat and a water view. The decor was unique but cheerful. Free wireless internet services were a plus here. The staff was helpful and attentive. We loved having goldfish share our room! I would definitely stay here again.
P7IH5PlfotkBxZQrQHlk Our trip to Chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the Affinia Hotel. Because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in New York City, we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment. We could not have been more wrong. This place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition. Uunfortunately, it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way. Both the "Dream Pillow Menu" and the "Experience Kit" were a complete flop. With the "Dream Pillow Menu", the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections. We happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out. At first, I thought it was my imagination so I stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed. More dust came out them! Particles were flying around the room, I'm now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand. I called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows. These pillows were some kind of "music pillow" that pluged into an mp3 player. I was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night. In general, the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating, but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows. Another failed gimmick they offered was the "Experience Kits". We were given (ours to keep) a collection of some maps (which were actually very nice), a walking tour guide that was all marked up, and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards. If this place lacked attention to detail, that is one thing, but it lacked any attention at all. If the pillows weren't already enough, at this point I was certain that I would never stay at this establishment again. Run, don't walk away from this place.
PALM26Mg43YKKJY2hRbd The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while. At almost $500 a night, one would expect. Traveling with my wife, I expected to pay the cost of the room, already being outrageous, but then I was hit with another $20 charge for her to stay. Even with a King bed, they only figure in one person to their cost. The beds were average and although there was much to do, everything cost an arm or a leg. It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away. All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis, if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night, I definitely would have stayed somewhere else. I guess you live and you learn, its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
PGbcj9FFA14Oqcg6YZug In from Minneapolis and was hoping to stay on Michigan Ave at hotel. When we arrived we were told a previous guest had extended their stay so we did not have a room. The hotel moved us to another hotel 2 miles away in a less than desireable location. Management on duty was unfriendly and even stated they would call security if we did not leave. They gave us $15 for cab fare. Will never stay there again. Happened to numerous guests the same weekend.
PHlDhozhjDcxkM0uojF0 The Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area. 
PHzhfX0XYyYKtyAZRScy For a hotel that touts its luxury location in Chicago the Talbot is very poor (think Motel 6 at a Hilton price). Carpet is threadbare and the walls are paper thin. They are so worried about the mini-bar they constantly do these random room checks, so privacy and sleeping in are unheard of. For the prices they charge ($350.average price for two people). It seems like the money spent on remodeling the exquisite lobby, which was happening while I stayed, could have been better spent on better insulation and more up-to-date furnishings for the guest rooms. But I guess the Talbot is more concerned with first impressions than they are returning guests, which I won't be.
PJVmPksK7BCwieyXfLWl We planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip. I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite, then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff. Well, our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly, and thankfully, switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights. The room was dirty. When we opened the sofabed, the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out. Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used, and theoretically cleaned, a lot. Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren't much better. Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night, it made for a cold stay. If you like to eat for free (they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights) and don't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer, I guess some may find this place tolerable. But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area (we switched to The James and had a great experience). I couldn't be paid to stay here again. I'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience.
PWNT26hEHyaiAAMGuHPp This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel. 
PWcAcsoPxTpd7aBOvLhv If there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen. This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want. You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste. There is a in room refreshment center,high speed Internet, 32 inch television ,coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks. You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need. The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River. There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful. If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier,or Art Institute. When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate. Have a few drinks at the great bar, then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company. The staff was very friendly and super helpful. The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen. I will come again and again. A big thumbs up to this great Hotel. 
PWeAVgG42ZNtWkglF6cw The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay.
PXOniTDmYewiEtjnYO1y The Ambassador East Hotel Hello my current visit to the Ambassador East Hotel. I really enjoy my 3 day weekend stay at this Hotel. This was my first time at the hotel and I reserved a king size suite. Inside my room there was nice view of Chicago's Gold Coast. I really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation. I could easily relax on my king size bed. I watch HBO on a enormous size flat screen TV for free. Also when I did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem. It so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room. After finishing my work I have time to check the complimentary fitness room. Lastly I left the next day, I had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their Pump Room restaurant. Overall the Ambassador East Hotel is a 5 out 5 hotel and really worth the stay. 
PeZYDZ3PYQJFbjSQq7Sz When we were stranded in Chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled, our airline put us in touch with hotels.com who found us the room at the Sheraton Towers. After a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in Chicago, arriving at the Sheraton was a joy. The entire staff was wonderful. The bell staff was great helping us (finally) let go of the heavy bags, Jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time. We enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others. We can't say enough about the staff. If we are in Chicago in the future we will definitely return here! 
PebU1gP9PWUnUH9CNDXH I booked this via Priceline, and was not sure I'd like it, as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff. This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations. Despite booking with Priceline, I was treated like a king. They let me check in early, gave me a beautiful room, and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay. The staff was unfailingly pleasant, the property immaculate, and the room very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel. 
Pg1nf71I5Ge1KlCqLqMf The Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat, and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons, there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one, the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth, one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink, so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin, although bath sized, which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say, it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables, and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side, served on a large white plate, and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu, as limited as it was, looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us, the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful, and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever, and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased, but we were sadly not.
PgTqcKctsjfo0nSeqohs Last week, I booked a 'Deluxe Suite' at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago. I took the 'Retreat and Relax' package deal. The wait to check in was intolerably long, because they were letting some people check in with a dog. I'm allergic to dogs, and I'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in. They insisted on escorting me to to my room, every time I came in, like I was going to break into another guest's room or something. I swear, anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks, asking me if I needed anything. You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you're up to something. I went to the pool, but it was full of screaming children. When I went to bed, I could hear the television in the next room through my wall. And what's worse, they wouldn't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress. They threatened to throw me out on the street, after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars! I had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it. Also, their on-site restaurant is too expensive, given that you're already paying an arm and a leg for the room. The food should be free! I wouldn't stay here again, it was a waste of my money.
Pm2AckRZ0zW8dzpG2J1X The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit. 
PrbExGHBnhn6y6DaKThs I called on December 6th, 2010 at 3 p.m. to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway, and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word. Thinking this might have been a simple mistake, I gave it another try. A woman introducing herself as "Toni" answered the phone, rushed through her introduction, sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone. Barely letting a second go by after her introduction, she gave a snotty "Hello?!" before I could open my mouth and tell her "Never mind." Never has a hotel answered my call so rudely. I'd like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to "Toni"; however I will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip.
PwARJ1F30fnpK0iSgkM5 My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights, a Thursday through Saturday. Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience. We chose to stay in the "King Bed Deluxe Room" and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations. Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly, the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser. The room was size was average, and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room. The major annoyance was how loud people were. We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running. That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel. You can expect a loud guest maybe once, but every night is ridiculous. The service was also extremely sub par. We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work. One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me. She completely disregarded the sign, did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in. It scared me and I'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing. So to sum up, we will never stay at the Conrad again, we will never recommend it to anyone else, and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago.
QBGpT8OknQsltetjyXFi I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
QIelEuzmGK9Ykvk6MRFL My husband and I stay at the Amalfi every year for our anniversary. We just love it! The service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly. The hotel has very good cuisine options, which are all very tasty! The hotel is in close proximity to downtown and all the fun things going on there. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet. Perfect for relaxing! Will definitely keep coming back!
QRm1estKdQTRWZQlfTs3 We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood. My first impression was great, very helpful valet employees and VERY nice. That is one perk of my stay here. Otherwise, we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up, the more beautiful the view is. So we got the 9th floor. Not what I call "high up" when the rooms started on floor 6. Then the following morning, we went to breakfast of which was ok, nothing great. My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles, some fruit, and that was it. So, we got our food and sat down. After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes, an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on. Remind you, it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room. So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast. Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food. I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long. Last but not least, dont come with a clean car. I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned, it was filthy dirty.
QSGYLefaUuiC8N1gQcRu The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property, given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast. Unfortunately, I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for. While the lobby was gorgeous (and appears to match the photos on the website) the room I was assigned was run down, and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website. It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls, but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty. The room also smelled of must or mildew. While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised, it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg. I was only here for a single night, but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund. Please, if you're staying in this part of town, do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here. The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby, clean, and often have special-offers -- these aren't the only properties in the area, but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay.
QTb3SWpWxgkmCwNHudMo The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended! 
QUDYtpmmNgnvlpxkZlOT My wife and I recently stayed at the Allegro hotel in Chicago and were extremely disappointed. It claims to be a luxury hotel, but the air conditioning in our unit wasn't working and the ice maker in refridgerator was unbearably slow. We phoned in these issues to the front desk and the person on the other end assured us these problems would be taken care of. Noone ever showed up. Aside from that, there were so many kids running around we couldn't think straight. This is just my two cents, but I'd would tell anyone considering staying at the Allegro to pass and look at their other options.
QUtyFbu4dxO9MxVOes5H On our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again! 
QXvYywVbp3U0UidJlfE3 This hotel is one superior hotel. The prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic. My husband and I got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing. Waking up to seeing Lake Michigan was a site not to miss. The rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at Bloomingdales or in other places in Chicago, and the customer service was top notch and very friendly.
QanwgshL6HWcUIurlE8z I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago. 
Qc9sqTb7VW3PDNGIqf13 This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location. This definitely fit the bill. I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute. The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. There was coffee in the lobby every morning, that was very welcome. The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet. I could hear the train and some traffic from the street (considering the location, this wasn't bad and didn't affect my ability to sleep or relax). I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem!! 
Qk9jbmEKENHXNbVAIYPM James Chicago; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised. I didn't want stay in this hotel, but my wife insisted. Ok, so when I booked the ticket, it cost me $299 for one room. $299! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point! The room was stylish though, it looked nice. There was a TV, and the beds were fine. Although I couldn't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer. Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer? What were they thinking!? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected. I mean the food available there wasn't very tasty at all. I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet, but they had no computer, only wifi. That's like only having bread, without any fillings to make it into a sandwich!
QkHqLJp6sJhQ2JhLsBik My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
QmXYCOZxCIbf6JpsDcRH When I made my reservations at Softiel in Chicago, I was expecting the ultimate in Luxury but Softiel failed to deliver. Everything was just ok. I do not spend money on a quality hotel for "just ok". If I want "just ok" I'll check into the Days Inn! First of all there were problems with our reservation. I asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor! The desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this. I eventually got it fixed but I certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process. Later when I went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us. The room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure. On the second day of our stay, housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee. They also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets. Minor I know, but when you're paying for a luxury experience, you kind of expect luxury! The hotel itself was nice but the staff really don't deliver. I would not stay here again. You can get a nice clean room at LaQuinta for 1/4 the price and the staff is much more helpful.
Qu35ZSStgdZciLcdm0Js Overall, the hotel was okay. Though I did have a problem with the price. The accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate (other than the supposedly luxury mattress, it was not more comfortable than my own mattress!); but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel! There is a difference between the Palmer House Hilton lobby, and your normal, affordable lobby. But, I do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby; I go to get a good night's sleep. When I want to sight see, I go elsewhere. Like I said, overall, the hotel was okay; but it was not worth the price.
QxKVHd7DcBIWuW61Qhmz Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
QybWgMTmXKOIZSN7lMw1 My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
R14T4ZVlun9j9stBIeLb The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away. My husband and I spent a weekend away from the kids there and I must say, we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations. We especially enjoyed the in-room spa service. I recommend the Amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area (you are within walking distance of shopping) with great customer service and luxury accomodations!
R2BkTbmj2PdoOLb1yNnz I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel. From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons. Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants. I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago. 
R2EkpEJqMuB275w6W65b A hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!
R5U79f5g4lMAEpH1hDUQ Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time.
R6bxo49wFEuakOIreBSi I enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago!
RDf9lTgojjamxOuX0thW The Omni Chicago really delivers on all fronts, from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on Michigan Avenue. While this address in Chicago requires a high level of quality, the Omni delivers. Check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under 3 minutes, the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events, and the rooms are some of the largest you'll find at this price range in Chicago. Even the "standard" room has a separate living area and work desk. The fitness center has free weights, weight machines, and two rows of cardio equipment. I shared the room with 7 others and did not feel cramped in any way! All in all, a great property! 
RGnCNPmc3yjA6whePKX3 This hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it! 
RJcJwt6vfVe75PTrylN2 I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased. The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest. I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious. The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there. Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay. Oh, and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free. 
RWbxHGV2APR1rxXx7g6X I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate, and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view, in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom, terrycloth robes and slippers, turndown service, Roger Gallet toiletries, a fluffy down conforter, and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants, brioches, & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel. 
RdO8ak8AkjIXWZway7qJ We had a reservation for 3 rooms with 5 adults and 2 kids, got only 2 rooms on arrival. 2 of the corner rooms with an extra room. During the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a.c., even though we switched it off, it went on cooling, strange! At night it was very loud from the street. In the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and I stood vertically in the bed, not what you need, if you only spend 1 night in a hotel. We came here a few years ago and had it better in mind. The area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places, very good. Clean and fancy. Sorry, but next time we`ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in Chicago.
Rf0tzozy6ef5iRpcyrt9 We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel! 
RfdH5w1ZHtEeoLYetk9I We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline, paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK> Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOT recommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case. My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO IL AND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.
Rhob9KZdn0O8cKdlciph I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night! 
RiyCd64QxBcDe5VpwZvw When we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering. The room was not very clean at all. Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it, on the window sill and stains on the carpet. We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night. The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night. The jacuzzi was out of order also. When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available.
RoRBOcTOVQRYIDuvydDC Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming, making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel. 
RqSXL1FRYxbsPlVjgOLv This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel. Highly recommended. 
RtcQ9kJqjrw4IoEsJyPh Location is excellent, but don't valet your car there,(53.00 a day). Bed was to soft, pillows were flat, we couldn't open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way. All in all not what you'd expect from a hotel in that area.
Rv6s8zJzcVQNd1w2Wds5 The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal! 
RwtApeEMuFc2AGfHnROa We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel. 
RzlRtmzwPp8Jj75Kw6VZ Overview: --Overrated hotel in a premium location. The Great: --Location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants, bars, and sights. The Good: --Inviting lobby, pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby, in particular the night deskman. --Nice bathroom, comfortable bed and desk chair. The Mediocre: --Room (excluding bathroom) was underwhelming in design. --No kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from Harry Caray's across the street. --Free cocktails 5-7pm in "lounge" is right idea with wrong execution; tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door. --Hot water (or lack thereof) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm. Pressure is pretty low. --View - mine wasn't great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible. The Bad: --Free wi-fi / ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day, even when my computer wasn't moved - really aggravating. Same deal for my iPhone. I also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my Norton Anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is. --No blackout curtains! I had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning (not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night). Never had this issue in any hotel or motel I've ever stayed at. --Noise! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling, bar music, trucks, car horns, and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning. I had to wear ear plugs despite being on the 5th floor. --TV had crappy HD signal with out of sync audio on every channel. And the remote was useless. --In room bar had standard inflated prices but the $7 bottle of Fiji water bedside was insulting. Don't even think of opening it; there's a 7-Eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost. Summary: --Not recommended. Looks much nicer in the website photos than it is. Rating on Yelp is bloated by at a least a star.
S0mcPRghmfyISpPKZQDf My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system.
S21ylU02VhY2t4pyqpdf My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel. We had requested a non smoking room, and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door. The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all, but we did finally get moved to a new room. The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy. I was very disappointed in the workout room, it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead, but when I got to the pool it didn't look like it had been maintained all week. Needless to say we won't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again.
S69IsY0FR4bl1aOpDbxJ Just wanted to let everyone know if you are looking for a hotel with high rise construction next door the Swissotel Chicago is the one for you. My wife and I went there last year and there was just an empty lot next door, this year there is a loud construction site next door. So 8 am Saturday morning you will hear the workers starting. I am sure once the summer in Chicago comes around they will work all night. Just think as they keep adding floors you will be able to look the workers in the eye and wave from your room that used to have a view of the Navy Pier. Now you will get an up close and personal view of people pouring concrete. On top of it the hotel is doing construction of there own. The front of the hotel is block and lucky for us the protestors that are standing in front of the hotel were able to tell use where the new entrance was. The protestors were there because the Swissotel hired a company to redo their sound system that does not hire union workers. If you ask the workers about the noise and they say we can't hear it. I am sure the Swissotel does not want word getting out about this. If you insist on trying it for yourself don't pay for your room in advance they will not let you out of the room and then you are stuck.
SCnIEW6jqMBlKFo8ec85 The stay at the Hilton Chicago definetely felt like a vacation. Sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like I was at home! The accommodations and hotel are beautiful. I especially enjoyed the gym. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would reccommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home.
SFsBcsp7lH9fKOFxVVdb We enjoyed our stay at the James in Chicago very much. The hotel is elegant and uber-modern! Each room simply exudes class. I have never stayed in a nicer hotel, to be honest. The hotel features an upscale restaurant, though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments. There is also a full-service spa at the hotel. The most surprising thing about the James is that pets are allowed; our dog didn't have to stay at home. How cool is that? There are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking, 24-hour room service, 24-hour concierge, shoe shine service, and laundry/dry cleaning. The hotel is located right on the Magnificent Mile, so that location is absolutely superb. You are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world. I would recommend the James to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to Chicago. 
SItldVfrknsejkWdmIQQ Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family. 
SLfkgFt3r4j4oFIwoubR This lovely hotel has only six floors, making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception. The building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it. Trump's huge new tower is just down the street. The Amalfi looks recently refurbished, very modern, but warm and inviting. Bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very, very comfortable beds. Bathroom quite small but roomy enough, with Aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers. Continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor. Great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc (robes & slippers provided) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast. Really enjoyed the Managers evening cocktail reception, especially the Amalfitinis. A nice way to relax after a hard days' shopping! Location is great for all the shops, transport, museums etc. Easy walking to everywhere. Staff also very friendly and welcoming. Would definately stay there again. 
SNsGpAJ46GKs4eQvqQDe My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat. 
SRZS9ZA7kYBlE2H9j2Df I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment, but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so. It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel. First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful. The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service. He said we had not reserved a room, which I had weeks earlier, and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both. Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents. He did straiten out the confusion, but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants. I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place. We were shown to another room, this time to our liking. From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had. To list just a few; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels, the food that room service brought up was cold, lifeless and bland, the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room. To be blunt, I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff, guts the building thoroughly, and is publicly flogged in a downtown park. WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN.
SUL6iN8wKdSG4naBc2xN We stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service. We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special. The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked, trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area. We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20) The rooms were clean, the concierge & reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time. 
SZUJ0sxVsAXnPojAGy8j I was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel. The overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance. Given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level, this was most disappointing. Nor was I impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff.
SbY75mK65SXiXbCaspTA I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in. The front desk is a work of art. I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom. The modern decor, the beautiful artwork, this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is like having your own personal spa, all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time. The rainfall showerhead is to die for people. If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa. Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa. I wish I could have stayed longer, next time I will be sure to add a couple of "me" days to my trip and I'm sure I won't even think of going outside those doors.
SciWQ4LMHLnpTtnPVFK5 We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure. 
SiEo1bpDhmqO2vYNlVsV I have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this is probably the worst service that I've ever experienced. The staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would. I decided to try the Monaco because it seemed interesting, was close to the theater, and had what seemed to be a good rate. What a huge mistake. The front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful. The room was not clean, the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving, they never bothered to come turn down the beds, and the late check-out "priviledges" which were guarenteed when I booked the room suddenly became "upon request" - boy the extra 30 minutes they gave me sure were helpful. Dont' waste your time or your money here. At best, it's nothing special. Personally, I like the Fairmont in Chicago, but anyplace woudl be better than the Monaco.
SmEKFfFjYRblZn0dkJtA How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.
SpkLt4uxp5ciLaJVkMKa took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included, paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice, workout facility was great. room has current decor, but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge, she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us. 
SswtagEaAG40fI6eH7ZR The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled. I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel. The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy. However, when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe, Robert, the reservation supervisor, said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room. He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable. This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone. I told him to cancel without being charged. In response, he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay. Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement, and Robert should go back to customer service school!
Sv1kFh2zCpreOJXjdxJq I recently stayed at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown, and found it lacking in the quality of their service. The rooms are nice and well furnished, but the service lacks in some areas. Some of the complimentary services include fast-speed wireless internet access, cardio-fitness and indoor pool, grocery shopping service and coffee, tea, hot chocolate or cider all day long in the lobby's 24 hour convenience shop. However the wireless internet was spotty at best with really slow speed at times, the indoor pool was far to cold in my opinion and the cardio equipment was left uncleaned. The grocery shopping service was alright, although a bit on the slow side and then finally the coffee and hot chocolate in the 24 hour convenience shop were both cold and overall of poor quality. Rating this Hotel on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3 at best.
SyMUYTTY4ZU3bjccRYx3 I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
T0F0SbQQRPceYHGdM1V6 While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience, they fail to deliver. Unless of course, a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door. If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed. The "A" list celebrities will not be there. In fact, it would be rare to find anyone on the "B" list either. The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert. The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar. The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played. As for the promise of Art Deco, it must have changed in definition. Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held. The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer. The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description. Quality service and amenities were severely lacking. Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain. Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either. It is part of you unique experience. The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago. It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
T1YCtYd5poWjxtlskOOw This was my first time in Chicago and I tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks. I took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter. I made my way up to my room, which was spectacularly bright and well-lit, then I ordered some food. All in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic. If I didn't have such a short stay in Chicago I would have stayed in my hotel room all day!
T7WEwCxPMYQoIA3ZT8y9 We booked this hotel for the second leg of our Chicago stay..it was great!!!! The Lion King package was pricey but reasonable, given the ticket costs and the Suite. Room was great....classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. NYTimes and Chicago Tribune at your door every morning. One block from the Washington El train station. We never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn't like, but the Suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it. Dunkin Doughnuts and Corner Bakery down the block. City Hall, Picasso structure....this was a great place. Book it and also use the Golden Touch Limo service...reasonable. Omar is a super guy. 
TADi3a60Yut4V1Be7AoM Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around "the loop" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning. 
TAZ6A76Y0DDEi9ZLU0sL I was not pleased with my recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton. My room was not ready upon my arrival and the room I was given was not what I had requested. I had requested a room with 2 queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that. The air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off. The room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up. I wondered what had happened in the room before I got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener. There was no doorman available or a cart so I had to lug my 3 suitcases by myself by dragging 2 of them about 20 feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items. Luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance. My room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff. They promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after 3 calls to the front desk I finally gave up. I had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that I spent to stay there.
TBFlzZoPbY38Icr3alNR While staying at the Swissotel Chicago I experienced some of the worst customer service I have at any hotel. The front desk was extremely rude while checking out, and even seemed to try to hurry us out. The fitness center was always packed and I was never able to get on any of the machines, as was the pool area. While eating at the restaurant, I felt it was a very overpriced meal, but it was very elegant looking. The last issue I had with the hotel was the valet parking, it took them awhile to get my car, and they actually pulled the wrong car around. It was another 10 minutes while I waited for them to sort the issue out. The worst part by far was the customer service, and although the hotel looked nice, it wasn't worth the stay with the way I felt I was treated based on the money I was spending. Next time we are in Chicago, we will be staying somewhere else!
TFHPuVVUzLnGi8VuASs0 After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently, I was nothing but disappointed. This "luxury hotel" obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable. When I arrived, my hotel room was devoid of towels, and after calling down to the front desk, it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered. On top of that, when I went to connect to the internet in my room, the wifi signal was too weak and I was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop! For the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their "superior corner suite", I could have stayed a week at a Holiday Inn, and after this stay, I wish I had.
TGYTX5QbebwnmNxviJHc Very nice hotel, better than expected. The hot breakfast is great in the morning, but the Dinner at night goes above and beyond (even free wine!) The rooms are pretty good size, well furnished, and clean. I liked the view from my room. I used the fitness center and although did not have everything I would have liked, was adequate. I will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view. The staff was friendly and helpful; being my first time in Chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration. I would definitely recommend this hotel. 
TH1POsuigM9oeOdafpnD My fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel. The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys. They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay. The rest of the staff however was terrible. When we first checked in, I was instantly discouraged. The front desk person was not in a good mood and I couldn't wait to leave the lobby. Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing. We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations. We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff. At one point, the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her, as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well. Even though she saw us standing there, after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first. Yes, we are in our mid 20's, but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible. For how much money we paid for each night, I would have rather stayed somewhere else. We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews, but we did not experience any of this during our stay. The rooms were alright, but nothing special. I would not stay in this hotel again.
TOYC9oIQSAdJpuItV5LA My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago last week (in a studio suite, which was NOT worth the extra payment). It was an absolute NIGHTMARE! To begin with, the room is listed as 'oversized', when it's nothing of the sort. We've previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about 2 square feet smaller. I believe the only extra space was in the closet, which isn't very useful unless you plan on living there! We had our two sons with us, so we had to make extra sleeping space. Our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time, complaining of bugs moving around. He must have been umcomfortable also, as I sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock. The room service is horrible, they took 47 minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around 10pm, and she had to wait up for that. My family would NEVER go back to this hotel, and I highly recommend you also stay well away.
TTe2AOfRebckna2HTYRR My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago. From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends. Our rooms were ready upon arrival, and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online. The location couldn't be more convenient to access all of Chicago's shopping and dining areas. We dined in Seston's Chop House, which I highly recommend. The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience. The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City!
TYcjZ3Sn1JniXisj2odK When I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago, I immediately went to their website to check them out. What I found there was decent, nothing really stood out. It wasn't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened. The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional. Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly. The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day. When I asked about more towels, the maids were happy to help me out. If I were ever to be in that area again, I know exactly where I'm staying, the Swissotel.
TYumw2eqra4BCAu4kfDX If you want a 5-star hotel with 1-star service, make sure you book your next Chicago stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I checked in to the hotel, I had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line. I was greeted with no "thank you for your patience," or anything similar. The room was fine, but nothing too glamorous or outstanding. The internet cost $14.95/day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself. The thing that pushed me over the edge, however, was the valet parking. When I wanted my car in the morning, I had to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged (the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether). And for this "service" I was charged $51.00/night!!!! When I went to complain at the front desk, they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed, and you have to exercise patience! I will exercise patience as I check out of this hotel!!!
TeivrF8ygJAOeOT6V3Ua This is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out. 
TfqIe2jGgTpSEHUjuFC4 Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back. 
TiIuqNwSLc7LjCmPndOn We will not be back to this hotel. There are several reasons for this, but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight. Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it. The room was OK, but the beds were hard and uncomfortable. The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly, and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option. They didn't offer any other solutions. The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests. Overall, we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago.
TjKRs4KMVvXWVXbd2g4B The Talbott Hotel claims to be Chicago's Premiere Small Luxury Hotel. After staying there and experiencing the service, environment, and the hotel in general, I can say with confidence that this just isn't true. I arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and I was immediately disappointed. No one came to my car to collect my bags and I was forced to lug them inside myself. The doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me, leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags. Once inside, the atmosphere was not what I expected. The lighting was poor, leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building. The carpet looked dirty, as if it hadn't been vacuumed or washed in quite some time, and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage. When I arrived at the front desk, I was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me. After checking in I went up to my room and was once again disappointed. The bed was very uncomfortable and I ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water. That night I ordered room service. The food took 45 minutes to get to my room, and when it finally arrived it was cold. The fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends, and probably not to my enemies either. Stay away!
Tk9f1asxxC54KyrafYgu Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value. 
TmWVAHpUbTs5b9lE1dSL I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay. When I first walked into the room it was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant. Room service was very good. The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.
TmlkSJ335IXDl4fHndsu I recently stayed at the Sheraton for an onsite conference, and had problems from the getgo. I had problems with the check-in even though I had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file. The front desk clerks were kind of rude. The room was okay, not worth what I paid for. The sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn't feel very clean. They also charge for internet access, which is ridiculous. Most hotels provide free wi-fi. The conference food, which I assume is catered by the hotel, was not good at all. On the day of the check out, I had arranged for a late check-out, but in the morning before check-out time, someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in! Then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time. All in all, I would recommend staying somewhere else.
TsHGCUCqqfkOAclzVYgO They allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water. We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party. When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes. When we called back nothing was done about it. My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing. THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water. After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep. They did not resolve this issue. They just keep passing my complaint to "managers" supposedly. It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it
TvLLrGaycN4MSdhe5Ofg me (taking a cue from david dancer): 'sup? front desk person: yes? me: so, do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room? front desk person: what room are you in? me: **** front desk person: oh. ...i'm afraid so. OR, you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor. me: oh? wtf! so, we're staying at this hotel, and there is a bar on the 29th floor, but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room? get bent! we're paying to stay here, not just drinking in your bar!
TzWwy2PiZGtftUvDpmhh I stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it! 
U0stEt2ob3CqWe25pSU6 I'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room. The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you're staying in your grandmother's attic. Wallpaper is peeling off the wall, not well lit, very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones (none next to the bed or built into lamps), terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am. Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring. Health club is not on site either. There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one.
U1uA7gSyxPs1nx8sIlB2 The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit, and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away, and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay, all the way down to choosing your own pillow! Very impressed overall!
U2MNBuh3ZGQ5QwHMUliH We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite. I was disappointed with the room layout, and shabby furniture. I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground. The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work, the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $450 we spent there. Next time, we will go back to Trump Tower across the street, which is far superior to Hotel Monaco.
U8LfKQP80ScfoqixOYyG THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in, they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room, it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure, I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also, the internet in the room is hard to set-up, slow to use, and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them, other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way, apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive, but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too, but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan), but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and, in some rooms, has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel, but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place, go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time, but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms, better beds, better service, and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.
U9Fmvry14LK0SCLc9t24 My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back. The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either. When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key. When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made. The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food. We ended up going home two days before we planned.
UNpprySWEV6VwRCy2All My stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience. The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations, the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave, the museums, and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago, I highly recommend the Talbott!
UOXi483xeFR3ESpTFIRZ While the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside, my experience went downhill once I walked in. The lighting is very poor, which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere. The mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay. I definitely would not stay here again.
UOjDfuknEquK4yLstyyi The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel. Unfortunately, the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings. The front desk staff was rude, the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door. There are three elevators but good luck with them all working. They are very very small and when only one is up and running...you end up waiting a long time for one. Not fun when you are on the 12th floor. The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all...the room felt damp and miserable. We put the thermostat as low as it would let us (65) and the room never went below 78. (and it was 107 outside the whole trip!!!). There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant. Internet is not free either... Overall, I would never stay here again.
URBJsQ9B0SV5FQ5Czr0X I was going to Chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops. I did some research and believed the InterContinental would suit my needs. I sure was not disappointed by my decision! This hotel lots of historic charm. Despite being a larger hotel, the service was top shelf! The rooms, while not large by any means, were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable. My kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered. As for me, I was more impressed with the location to the Magnificent Mile. The hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site. The food was very good and, just like the hotel itself, the restaurant provided perfect customer service. Dollar for dollar, the InterContinental in Chicago is a great deal and I will be staying there again. 
USMmsqVxtaeiRtsRadDy Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.
UUtcWYXUaG7KwH1462e7 The Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury!
UXIWhIugShPnN95UqOEW I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect 
UZPwRwBVAH4DsrQNtr0V The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD! I'll definitely try it again! 
Ua1drUYODTRjpmdY0j3C I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast, evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However, the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink. 
UbUTAbfafAPWos8zmlq5 I was completely unfamiliar with Chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based solely on their internet site. Wow did I get lucky! This is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities I could have hoped for, terrific food, and within walking distance of several interesting places, including the Art Institute of Chicago. Ashley, at the concierge desk, was particularly helpful at guiding a Chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see. I will heartily recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
UbfFkDT4IlUQkz01UniG My daughter wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago for her 21st birthday recently, and I wanted to find the best hotel for her experience. I looked at the hotel website and really like Hotel Allegro's insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services, so I booked us for a Friday and Saturday night. Upon arriving, the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant. Not enough to warrant a verbal complaint, but enough to make my daughter and I feel uneasy. After check-in, which took at least 20 minutes due to severe under-staffing, we headed to our room trying to be optimistic. Our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested, the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound, and we only had a stock of 2 towels, which were never replaced during our stay. We made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel. It was a huge disappointment, for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl. I highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel. There are much better choices in the Chicago area.
UcOPyrT7gALq7wjYTtV6 I was initially very excited to be staying at the Ambassador East hotel. The photos online appeared very classy and upscale and I thought staying there would be a pleasant experience. Upon arrival I was very disappointed - the main lobby was closed for construction making it somewhat difficult to get around. Our room was very dated - old furnishings and linens, damaged tile - it fell quite short for the high price we paid. It is an older building with very thin walls allowing you to clearly hear all other guests in surrounding rooms and also the lovely slam of doors of departing guests in the morning. Doorways are extremely narrow in hallways and room - gives a very claustrophobic feel to the hotel.
UgdooFImf4yvNafMrINp After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.
Ui2MvsHHgv8VuUh7qjcJ My husband and I made a reservation at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, for a much needed weekend getaway. We took off work early Friday to beat traffic. Once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking. We drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel. Upon checking in we were informed that the floor, where our room was located, was in the process of having the carpets cleaned. We decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation. We took the elevator, which smelled like urine, up to our room. We did see some carpet cleaning machines, unattended, in the hallway. I hoped for the sake of safety, no children were staying on this floor. We walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine. The overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us. We called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms. He rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings. Just then, the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and I could not hear anything else my husband said. We decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel. It was an awful experience.
UplfSILkqOPCOCpyiAZR Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
UtOZ9ejaOc59LQ3tn4j0 i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn,t of being any nicer. stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again ... the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue.There,s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd.there,s also a cinema 2 mins away opposite the hotel . Perfect Hotel for a great get away ... 
UtbB6WQFnHu5DC32QGtv What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 
Uu0jx0OIkTQJSILaXOiO The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly. 
Uwk2LBixehMt6BZ3Sz1z I stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well. 
UySfSKti98dpLmyeMl0z Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
UzphzLvUVptuCH8EBOys What can I say... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location, its historic and gorgeous pool, it amazing Sunday brunch, it's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels, its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD. Let's break it down: Location: I'll concede that it's still great. Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river. Its historic and gorgeous pool: Closed indefinitely! When asked when it will re-open, the hotel staff actually said, "Maybe never." Its amazing Sunday brunch: Zest is gone, and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance. (The lobby, by the way, used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit. Also no longer...). The food is very bad. Very. Bad. There are so many restaurants in this city. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat. Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels: Based on my review of everything else. Go to the Drake, or the Peninsula. Completely worth the extra money... That, or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton, but you get a worse experience! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership: I canceled our membership after this disaster. Part of the membership includes early check-in (granted, when available)... but our room wasn't ready until 6pm. This is obviously after normal check-in. The staff was overwhelmed, and not effective or helpful. I tried to speak with the manager about our room, waited in long line to speak with someone, only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name. In a nutshell. Go somewhere else. ps: Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel. Way better food and coffee.
V4cKO7oMaErDp6RECrff My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here. 
VAETyE0lPFAOo3lEj7Is I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a recent trip to Chicago, and had a great stay. The rooms were beautiful, the beds comfortable, and the views of the city were fantastic. My room overlooked the river and the city. I felt like I was on a luxury vacation. The hotel has a few different restaurants. I ate at the Chicago Burger Company, which was delicious. The burgers were juicy, and the prices were great. The indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities. Overall, I had a wonderful stay. 
VB3vgl4qhpgA7IZrzajG My husband, three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay. The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly. At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us. One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator. The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room. The room was decent. Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good. We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday. As my son was tired, we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner. There was no children's menu for room service. Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen, what??? We ordered an adult meal. The food arrived an hour later, cold and unappealing. But we at it because we couldn't wait another hour. Although the hotel looks lovely. The service was not very good. Most of the staff was cold and snooty. Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice. It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children. A comfortable motel might be better.
VDVJHPHePr8vl5H5tzD1 I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for my cousins wedding. The service was impeccable. Not only was the staff attentive, they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner. I had the chicken wellington and it was to die for! The chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy. They even had Pakistani dinner options for some of the guests. The amenities were great, and after an open bar the night before, the Mimosas and brunch buffet couldn't have been better! I would love to have my wedding there.
VQHITV3EleYLe8GvUcxO Stayed with a group for a bachelorette party, and was disappointed. The hotel is beautiful, the staff was all rather friendly. The main problem was the room/sleeping situation. We had booked rooms with 2 queen beds several weeks before, but received an email a few days before our visit stating they were sold out (how that happens I don't know!!) so they "upgraded" us to two "suites" with a king and a pull out. First, this meant our party was split up and on different floors. Second, that meant two of us were stuck on a pull out couch. :( I'm not a picky, unreasonable person, but that was the WORST "bed" I've ever slept on! It was sunken in the middle so we literally rolled into each other unless we balanced ourselves on the very edge of the bed. Then there were the springs poking into our backs ALL night! Just awful! For the amount of money we spent I expected to be comfortable! I would not stay here again after this experience.
VQsn91cdKbMd7cdlDMCm I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
VRTPeyrFfWSIo7nrtmyk I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned. We stayed in room 1112, King with River View. No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $191 a night. I would stay here again. The "L" from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel. It's a $2 ride - no need for a $40 taxi ride. 
VcD8fhFaFWODbYkC1vBz I had an awful experience here. The staff were rude and unhelpful. It took forever to check in and when I did, they took a while to even find my reservation. When I got to the room, it was marginally clean and when I complained, they said they were full and could not do anything for me. I would never go back. They are obviously not worried about customer service.
VfFmUpav5jqEfdHvuH0f We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel.
ViulQAtoHD5OC52Ob8sK everything that i read from other reviews was pretty much on the money, they have excellent customer service, the employees there really cared about their guests, there was always coffee, tea, hot chocolate in the lobby, good hot breakfast and dinner with wine and beer, the doormen were nice and willing to help out for directions, the room did the job, there was a kitchen, 2 flat screen tv's, and a pullout couch included, it was close to the "eL", but for us we found the buses to be more useful. I would recommend getting a pass, we got a 3 day pass and it was well worth it for $14 which we got at jewel osco, not too far from the hotel, for the most part the majority of the people that were there were older people on a business trip and families, but us three girls didn't mind, so i would definitely recommend this place, it was one of the cheapest places were found out of all the other hotels. 
VjJiB47FqD4sj8pUIp76 No excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner. I wouldn't expect a cold shower at a budget hotel, let alone an Omni. Great location and the bar is nice.
VoglqJl3yTuyJ5lJSS41 WARNING: FOOD POISONING ALERT!!! The room was dirty, the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on. The elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it. They hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for. What was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick. The one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue. The second night we left and went to another hotel which was 80 bucks cheaper and 100 times nicer. DO NOT STAY HERE
VrYdBAajGMF3Lp7t54IG We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. 
Vuf1kNe4j37QnnTVo7Nd I stayed at Swissotel Chicago when I was on business and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and room was very clean. I would stay again in a heart beat!
VyRJjBkMXSH7iZ17ApSa My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed! 
VzXKEGryTzr3PpObQyMC Don't stay here! My family and I stayed here for a weekend trip. The staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them. The rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn't been dusted in ages. Overall bad service and not worth the money.
VzsltFU8YM9gaPhf3cJz I was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business, but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago. When I arrived, my reservation could not be found in their system, although I had made it myself. After some words with the manager on duty, Mr. Chad Montgomery, I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate. Anyone can make a mistake, so I wasn't too angry at that point. My room was bland and colorless, in spite of The James' boasts of their attention to design and detail. The room was mostly clean, but after seeing the stains on the bedding, I am not convinced that they were washed after the room's last occupant. I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night, complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy, disgruntled waitstaff. Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order. I was assured that I would enjoy "Asha's Purifying Shower Ritual", which would primarily take place in my own room. The shower was okay, but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided, because I broke out in hives all over my body. Next came the "in-room" portion. While I was in the shower, five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room. I guess they were supposed to make it smell good, but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room. My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion, but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking. I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu. In closing, if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago, I beg of you to reconsider. With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel, and a suitcase full of negative (including a pending court case against the masseuse), I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there. I know I do.
W0OfETYpuLuAEjqWfXdg Don't let the website fool you. I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago on my last business trip, and this was probably one of the worst 4 star hotel I've ever stayed at. The website makes the place look like a 4 star hotel but it's more on par with a 2 stars or 3, if you want to be generous. First off, the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture. The room that I checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls, and the carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed since god knows when. Since I was only staying one night, I decided not to ask for a different room- although I don't know if asking for a different room would've made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk. When I arrived, there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement, no prompt service. I had to wait about 3 minutes although I was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me. And no, they weren't talking about hotel matters. I'm not a difficult or an especially picky person, and who doesn't chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for 3 minutes shows serious lack of professionalism. Do yourself a favor, and go stay at the Marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for.
W16FtZidHtuPeevnEf7Z -Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel, located in Chicago, has extrodinary scenary. The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking. Hungry? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables. The hotel also host events such as ballet, fun in the bar and a dj to name a few. This hotel is definitely worth your while. I will most definitely visit again. Book your reservation as soon as possible and don't forget your camera!
W3FdKbyNFViiAGEXATuP Our trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.
W6HE0SG5zEc7MBUgCaQQ This hotel is overpriced. One should pay money for luxury, but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge. When you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because, yes, they do have to make money. But the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me. When I got there and went to my room, I thought that there would be nice colors, a great view, and deluxe bedding. What I got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target--they were not cheap, but not that expensive either. I think I could have found something of this quality at less than the 200ish a night I paid.
WBuGt0RxAuwwdorngDIy Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
WDf6e5HuIuQHZkE9takk I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend, and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels. The spacious rooms with modern, innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small, dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains. The bathrooms were neat, tidy, and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper, shampoo, and soap. The carpet was clean (not stained and dingy like some hotels), the room decor was astounding, and the view from our window was wonderful. I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay, from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out. Thanks for making me feel right at home!
WENC0L3CuvHev6CI2qZW My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price. 
WFDFGLINXgTKG87bsEz9 This fantastic hotel has it all: luxury, an excellent location and a fun atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well decorated, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. Whether you're traveling for business or fun, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I stayed there with my wife recently, we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun. The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for. The hotel is in a central location, within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city, however, there's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for, so there's barely a need to leave to hotel! (well, we DID leave the hotel to see the sights, but you know what I mean). My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities, including a relaxing massage. This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way, and we'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City. 
WFDZKu47eEWVdBJvhNc4 I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again 
WG7eSnCKEa22WHrfMM78 We stayed at this hotel for our last vacation to the windy city. Although the hotel looks nice, the service is terrible. The staff was rude and unprofessional and not helpful at all. The room service closes at 8pm so don't plan on getting hungry after that time. Also, even though we stayed for a whole week we had to ask for new towels and extra toiletries. I will never go back to that place
WMmrhqwKM0IAmNIheNWK All I can say is avoid this place at all costs. From the reservations assistant (who took 45 minutes to book a room) to check out (they billed my card for 750 dollars) and getting a refund (numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call). AVOID AVOID AVOID a truely hideous experieince I will never stay at a Starwood resort again, and given I stay in a hotel 4 or 5 days a week this is a big statement!
WNZltkky7l3BFKZ5qefr We booked the Amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in Chicago. The hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location. However, when i booked the hotel I was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only $10 more. That was great until I checked in. The corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley. During the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley. It would seem that this is a place for them to congregate. On top of this, the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between 5 and 6 am in the morning. The noise was crazy loud. I think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful.
WQJ5EAfRQidMuERbRwda My sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor, there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights, beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise, that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you, I paid for the wifi, and still we were unable to get on. Lastly, my sister and I split the bill, I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful, it is NOT worth the money.
WUHXh0LEe4RlWDrAEzSO Perfect location, clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay. Its in an area with plenty of stores ( The Mile) and restaurants. Hotel lobby is on the 6th floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall I would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family, friends or on business. The subway to Wrigley is a 1/2 block away from the front door. 
WZ6q8EuRVNqifcmMWMMb Atrocious. Here's our story: My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago. To celebrate our 10th anniversary, we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love. When it came to lodging, we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered. We wanted to revisit the city and didn't intend to spend very much time in our room. As a result, we didn't spend very much time researching hotels. Big mistake. Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse. Our room, which, I should mention, took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance, was filthy. (My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom.) The staff was rude and indifferent. The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar. Cleaning staff failed to show up. Front desk offered apologies but little else. Suffice it to say, we checked out early. Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel. Truly shameful. Stay away!
WbAje2WTEvkEZcQu40MM Didn't get the room we were promised. Kind of room we had reserved (2 queens) "wasn't available. they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed. Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in! Very unsatisfactory!! Will not return, will not recommend. Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel. When I next visit Paris nextspring, I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility.
WdLbhg8L1jywXcFyVu7a My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago this past summer. Needless to say we will not be returning! The Hotel is very overpriced for what you get. Upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had. The bed was very uncomfortable and the "fully-stocked honor bar" was stocked with only a few choices. The shower did not even work!We booked the King Suite with Jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi. I would not recommend this place!
Wdjd5yI7rgNf0zp1H8cM I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again.
WoqhkFM06VB1ewz2cUTr Stayed at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and it was not a good experience. The room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into. When I called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room, it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up, and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be. Will not be staying at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park again.
WsJa1kHuzrF32Dp3ZDPa First of all, Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!!
Wsd02jivnBU0KVwziRDQ Luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished I have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel, and the 676 Lounge, which has accommodating late hours, was perfect for me to relax after a day of work. The workout room is absolutely HUGE, and each treadmill has its own TV to watch while working out - fantastic! Overall, my experience at the Omni was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Chicago!
WuHwYRqstpBsuD8NEuBC Don't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago, we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades, no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately, due to the conference, there isn't any other place to stay.
Ww6YIaAQrK046apjNb1F I stayed here last August and I'm truly glad that I will never have to stay here again. The website does a great job of creating an illusion. The rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website. I thought the Monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt. The wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow. For such a "classy" hotel, there isnt a pool. At $46 per night, the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests. All and all, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
X7tnp3zfCigfCvxyb589 We had reservations (guaranteed by credit card) for 2 nights this past weekend. When we checked in the clerk told us that they could not accommodate us for both nights because they were overbooked due to a conference in town. I asked them to relocate us for both nights so that we would not have to move in the morning. They sent us over to another location that they assured could accommodate us. The night manager gave us the address to a different hotel and sent us on our way. Eventually we arrived at the correct second hotel where the staff were expecting a letter from the Sheraton for the transfer - something we were never given. Eventually we checked into this second property and the next afternoon when our keys didn't work we found out that the night manager of the Sheraton had not assured that we could stay both nights at the second hotel. So once again we had no place to stay despite having a guaranteed reservation with the Sheraton. In addition to all of this, we had to pay $24 for parking at the Sheraton to find out that they would not accommodate us despite a guaranteed reservation. I am still shocked by this bad experience.
XDIBcY2AUJaru1gj4SCJ I have been stayed in Allegro for two days. There are not other big prolems but one thing I'm not satisfied with is the light. It is dark in the room. Also in the bathroom, the light is not good. I have to open curtains. I have complained about this to their reception. They said they will fix it, but I did not get any response. I am very disappointed and I will never come back again.
XG8MYUZX7LiTQPLBAeUY I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! 
XL5VaRAnYFdxrzfFglpK My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend. The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive. The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay, and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do. We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel; the lobby, dining areas, and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury. The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white, and lighting that complimented and set the mood. The bar and lounge areas had excellent service, and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago. Additionally, my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members, we would be receiving 20% off our room rate for the weekend. Overall, the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars, pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment, one in which we would definitely choose to stay again.
XMXr2nQd3OUsbhqAXJGK Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you! 
XPOoT90MPgHEfllf7Tr4 The Ambassador East is located in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from the train station, so it was easy to get anywhere in town. The hotel is a National Historic Landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful. We loved the Pump Room bar with tons of B & W photos of celebrities. The service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful. 
XS6TbBmKSmUGpJWLdvPo Overall I had a VERY Bad experience when hosting a meeting for company, but when my parents came in from out of town and wanted to stay at the Swissotel, I thought we should give them another try. Turns out my first impression was correct, this is the LEAST friendly hotel I've ever been in! Even the concierge was rude and disagreeable. I could go on and on, but instead I'll just say GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
XSRwbX25F2Uqgd9LHbPP  We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago. I have to say the service was phenomenal! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between, the staff treated us like royalty. It was quite the treat to feel so special. Our room was gorgeous. The view of the city was breathtaking. The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber. We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean. My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection. During our stay we dinned in the Zest. Wow! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options. We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious. Afterwards, my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake, can I just say oh that cake is to die for! Really the best we ever had. In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room. Afterwards, a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge. Overall, our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous. This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff. We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again, hopeful soon! 
XXNXPHNFuXnVvTm3QMbV I recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip. We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded. We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city. The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service. The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more. Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site. The hotel's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses. Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable. Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt. Being of European descent, I enjoyed the croissants, whole grain muffins, real butter and marmalade. We also brought along our Standard Poodle, Sterling, and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family. We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings. Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling "at home" while away. For pet lovers this is a big plus. Finally, transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal. This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this, another appreciated bonus of our stay. Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience. 
XXWfVeASze6wb4kIHX2t great hotel. went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time. The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at. Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery. Great staff and wonderfull food as well, i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.
XZ5B5WannmsmNKNn9Qhn The Swisshotel is awesome. Very high class. It is expensive , but so is every hotel in Chicago. It is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to Navy Pier, so you will need to pay for the cab. Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be. I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy (BORING) Pier. 
XZc0znamzLLVNojqszlh I wouldn't know how to begin to write something negative about the Millenium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago. Everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms. With very clean and plush rooms, this is the place to stay! When you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning, there is plenty to do around the town. Take a shopping spree down Michigan Ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around. Whatever you decide to do, you can't go wrong. This place is wonderful!
XdOoZnY1PpizhjpRAfd0 My husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton. We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work. Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for. First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos. The floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while in the check in area. The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side. The staff was horrible. We had asked for a turn down service it was never received. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton.
XeE8mE69sRpvgbYXtLjn I was not at all impressed with my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago. Checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the 1 (one!!) front desk agent 30 minutes to process. Both guests had issues with their rooms regarding, it seemed, wrong room types and being out of the room type requested. I was nervous about my own reservation and, sure enough, my Superior Corner room wasn't available. The hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available. I was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel. Want internet? Upcharge. Want extra pillows? Upcharge. Extra coffee for the room? Upcharge. Bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating. I won't be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking.
XhPmcIsC0R1pMmReyu7T I booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover, I did not hear a single "I'm sorry", it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think, nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do, since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say, since this never happened to me before, also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good, however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again.
XiHRk2wcQ7knZrpyK2oQ Great hotel with beautiful scenery! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. They even had a docking station for my iPod! 
XlppEbeW38dCSONiZ1l7 After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
XxwvdE675h33ka9IDKZe I have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation"
Y0sOUjmd02PS69YHGxZz I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently for a convention I was attending. This was my first trip to Chicago and I had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so I had high expectations. Check-in took a bit longer than I would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations. Once I did get into my room, there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room. I went down to the front desk and requested a room change. Given their computer problems, that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn't have the "positive attitude in spite of any difficulty" I'd expect from such a high profile establishment. The new room was not a suite as I had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling. When I hooked up my laptop, I was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service. I had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies, but as part of their computer problems, the wi-fi service was down. Fortunately, there was a Starbucks up the street with available wi-fi. Granted, I couldn't lounge at the Starbucks in my jammies like I could in my hotel room, but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices. I was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it's not something that is necessarily under the control of local management. However, the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management. A quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while I was down the street at Starbucks. They did as promised and when I arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer's DNA and the dust bunny population had been eradicated. Once I had a chance to relax in the room, there were a few minor details that stood out. The carpet was starting to get worn in places, the edges on some of the furniture was dinged, and my personal pet peeve... the inside of the drawers were rough, unfinished wood which I dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes. I would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel. But, all things considered, my stay was tolerable. Water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep. The wi-fi was still down in the morning so I checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at Starbucks.
Y10YhAeWferr1dXtuNL8 We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago... 
Y79M6fEEdR11l2Uvijo7 We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010, 4th of July weekend. I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi. It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly. I explained the procedure to the valet drivers, and felt like it was a complete waste of time. When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed. When I tried to start it, it wasn't happy, but did finally start. I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave. Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph!!! (previous top speed was 95mph, done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota). I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I couldn't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast, though it wouldn't take long to make that happen (see reference to modified engine above). A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper. I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people. No remedy. Lesson learned. Brett
Y85NRIAL96uV7ksA2mEC My friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood. Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love! Everything from the colors, the staff, the architecture, and the pricing were AMAZING! We couldn't have found a better hotel. The service was impeccable..talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return.. I can't wait until then! 
Y9qvu3WJvW8VjoUrPxMh While it was a nice hotel, but i am rather frustrated with them! During our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping. The first day was fine. Second day my diamond earrings came up missing. Noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process. My biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further. But we had a family reunion and funeral to get to. While the front desk was great and said they would handle it, I believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way! We filed a police report and the GM of the hotel is supposed to be working on it. We have called several times but receive no answers. They keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there 10 + years.....that dosen't matter to me! If they are not held accountable what's to stop them from taking anything. There is a dishwasher in the room, and they found my daughters ring (which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings) in the dishwasher. They say I put the cup in the dishwasher. First, I am on vacation, trust me i'm NOT doing dishes! Second, why would I wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room? So, while it is a nice hotel....lock up your things of value! They may come up "missing" and you'll be left frustrated!!
YANrsWaqz2rq1vrFOUFL This hotel was an absolute dream to stay in. I couldn't have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury. I enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered.The room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well. I honestly felt like I was at a spa! The price was very reasonable as well. I would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone I know. If you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms!!!
YDMplkk8zWMDBPzAEOXr My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary. What a wonderful hotel!! We had such a great weekend, largely thanks to The Palmer House. Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel, at our fingertips. And the location is perfect--right in downtown Chicago. We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites. It was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful. It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in. The service was impeccable. Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed. We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel. It was delicious! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway. 
YFgeIzqDQJB2Puo6lzlw My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.
YGHvQde6z1VU2vJRbXcI The location of this hotel was superb! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular. The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect. One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter. We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same.
YHZirrgNbOLEbz1AcEJS When my husband and I went to Amalfi Hotel we were expecting first class service. First, when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked. Room service took forever and the food was subpar. Supposedly they had planners to help explore the area, but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner. The spa staff seemed incompetent. The only positive things I can say about Amalfi Hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised. I give this hotel two stars.
YHl7CXN4Aj2uu7fKiscl The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel. It was meticulously clean, very orderly, but still perfectly warm and comforting. The rooms are very big and spacious, and the beds are so soft, it's like heaven! I didn't test out the room service, but I'm sure it would be just like everything else... perfect!The hotel staff are just so nice. There was a spectacular view from my room, and looking out over the city at night is so magical. There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel, and I especially recommend Shula's Steak House. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel, and I would definitely stay there again!
YIt3Y2fpb2d2mfHchnyj This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The first time was far above our expectations for a $69/per night room. The rooms are very nice, and the beds are comfortable. This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $104/ night for a room with a view. We were aware of the $41 parking per night. The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn't park they were full. We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages. (It was a Saturday evening) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $38. This was 6 blocks from the hotel. Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too. Not very good service for a 5-star hotel. We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby, its called the harddrive. That's cool and all, yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room, it wasn't an issue. The HVAC controls to our room were broken. The first night we were ok, but by the second night it was blazing hot in there, 86 degrees. So hot we couldn't sleep. It was miserable. They sent up the "engineer" and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window, 24 floors up. It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night. It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8" didn't help. They would not put us in another room either. At checkout, Monday morning, our bill came to $240.43 after taxes for the room. We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $56.65. Cool, I got my reciepts and went on our way. On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account, to find that Hyatt charged me $289.03 and another charge of $103.63!!! That is almost $100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say. I was furious, so I called the hotel. Nothing was resolved by my phone call, they treated me as if $100 isn't but something you wipe with. She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off. That didn't settle well with me, but what could I do. I waited. Its Friday now. I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts, and they still have "authorizations" on the two incorrect amounts as well. They have charged me an additional $300!!!!!! Im so furious! and guess what... Hyatt doesn't care. They gave me the same [--] line as they did Wednesday. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH.
YKtiiqNDAsRkJCw0D8lx Be prepared the hotel is old. It is on the historic list. The is updating to be done no doubt.. So just be forewarned. It is clean and the staff is phenomenal. Having said that, you can not beat the location. Right in the heart of the Gold coast. Take a train from O'hare right into the city. It drops you off only 4 blocks from the hotel. One block from the beach and public transportation is right there. Incredible area to explore. I highly recommend the Ambassador East 
YKzoYBXQD4U5p7Vmt8EB The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at. the room was seemingly nice at first, but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it. I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed. Also, the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms, which interfered with my sleep. I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also, and asked for a well done steak, and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor. This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone.
YWusBbzudfSKDWMly1Mk My stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one. I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor. When I arrived, I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone. The room was very small and dark. Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up. I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking, gathered up my belongings and went there. If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels, you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on, working internet and a good view and real breakfast, go someplace else.
YZ1qGYFOzHdrCDpFUqg8 During my latest business trip, both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago,Illinois, at one of their Deluxe suites. Unfortunately, and I think I speak for both of us, we were not fully satisfied with the hotel. The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations, and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures, the service is certainly sub-par. When one plans a stay at such an establishment, they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in. First of all, the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on, the air coming out seemed musty. Second of all, the fitness center was only open until 10:30 pm. For people who like to exercise after dinner, this can certainly be a problem. Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight. For these, as well as other similar reasons, I would not recommend this hotel, if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
YcT2SVzJHhPmZl2vB9H4 I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a "room with a view". The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious! The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again. 
YfYGGI7J8jGDcuzveQaW I've never written a review before, but I just had to share my experience with Chicago's InterContinental Hotel. I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife's birthday. We've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us. The horrors started when we first got to the counter. The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me. We get to our room and the maid hadn't cleaned it yet! We had to wait around for that, so we went to the hotel's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced. Finally our room is finished and the the "view" we were promised was non-existent. To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning. The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain. A stain! on the sheets. What a waste of money. I pointed this out the concierge and we weren't even offered a refund or discount. Never again.
YgUjVuF0dITm6gl9bqu5 The atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable; it has a very modern feel. The rooms were very well designed, and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means. The pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable. 
YidMTR1LMSa76K6Uicll The Omni Chicago is hands down, the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area. I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy. Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully, one of the many perks at this hotel, they provide one for you in your room! That's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer! I have never had a massage like that before! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests. I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done. I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room. A big plasma with a beautiful, crisp picture! I don't even have that at home! Needless to say, I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago. That's a promise. 
YjlsSlPzAXvRFn7CJXAc My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience. That was the farthest thing from the truth. The staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff. Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over. So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room. As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest. My wife went to the bathroom, and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor. That was just the beginning of our bad stay. After being in the room for about 30 minutes, there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police. There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched. There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched. Come to find out after video surveillance, the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana. Needless to say, our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place.
YldHAL7bYdOzBJvMX1wL beautiful place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it. 
YnjGKf63FeuoW0ewBTWR My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Ambassador East Hotel. We will never stay at this hotel again. For the steep price we paid to stay there, we expected a friendly staff and clean room, which we did not get. First of all, the rooms are not clean. We found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed. When we reported this information to the hotel staff, they did not do anything to help us out. The staff is very unfriendly. Also, there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom.
YoISrzN1YHsckiIDvMks Under the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.
YofZ2dYJo7aBLZ5mkIKs Great location in Chicago downtown. The staff is professional and warm. The room is spacious and clean. Nice complimentartry breakfast. I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.
YorGd08MoF6YKP2jwtup My sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others. 
Yr0MgjZWRwVZWUJrSMsQ Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports. 
YtmtdXnFwwL5qQwBJFww Oh my goodness, this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago. It all went well enough checking in, but them went downhill. There was so much left to be desired. The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet, I kid you not! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it, I just don't know. But for the prices they charge, this type of thing is unacceptable. Most everything else about the actual room was as expected. The noise was a bit more than I'm used to though, but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us. So we asked to be moved to another room, they did get us in another room, but that took nearly 2 hours. The second room worked out well for us, but I won't be risking staying here again. Plus the pool was not available, I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website, I was looking forward to it for days. All in all, it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location, but they need to work on their customer service before I'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.
YvN3FfguHpcOZ7BgvGWg Our stay at the James in late last August exceeded our expectations. My husband was in Chicago for a business trip, and I tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life. When we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors, and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly. He met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions. The lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive. Our room was also very clean. I could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet. The bed was comfortable, and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in. It has been awhile since I have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin. My husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month. The bathroom was also impressive. The water pressure was not something I had to mess with to get perfect, and the heater took no time at all to warm up. Even though I had brought my own shampoo and conditioner, I did give the amenities in the bathroom a try, and like everything else they exceeded my expectations. I did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms, however, my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities. I truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel, and if we are ever in the Chicago area again we will definitely be staying here. This hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure. 
Z1r6y1L55srapwD3yZwn My Stay at Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was wonderful, i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good, i was able to get to my meeting well rested, thank you Sheraton! -Bobby
Z3Mm9EglgGo1FDebjdLZ Going to the Internet Retailer 2010 at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services. First of all, from reading other reviews, now I know I got ripped @ $249 a night when Priceline folks are sniping these rooms for $79 (albiet, I got free wifi). The hotel is nice; but it can only get so nice for an oldie...no matter how much money you dump into it. Shower head was really low (I'm 6'1"), water pressure was low. It is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by (check out reviews on Yelp!) For some off reason I ended up with two double beds (they asked me a few times if I was traveling alone). If traveling here: 1 - make sure you get a better deal than I did 2 - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person 3 - Don't have super high hopes My room was neither up to par as a business class (although the 22nd floor is called the executive floor) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple...it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers (sp?) trying to save money.
Z3htjlesmDwbv6A3uZE8 When you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport, you areusually not in the best of mood. I, working in a upscale hotel, do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to. All they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in. The desk clerk who checked me in at this property, did neither. She was short, rude, handed me my keys and walked away. I would never go back to this property due to this.
Z3kQZwwfZLQtjv9nMaap My friend and I visited Amalfi Hotel last week when we were in Chicago and found it to be a great place, very sophisticated and luxurious, with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service. The beds were comfortable. The room service was great as was the gym... I fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room... so beautiful at night... the city scape. And in the morning, the free continental breakfast was delicious. It was a wonderful experience being at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I am eager to visit there again. 
Z3tOBNKQRzmkrEHD7Cpe My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago. However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival. The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong. The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers. The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth. We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room. Needless to say, I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in. If we had not paid the total cost up front, we would have just left and check into another hotel.
Z3yEN6BwnFuqRTW4Kf6Q If you want to stay in a fabulous hotel in the city and you're willing to pay a little extra, I'd recommend this place.Also, pay the extra for a corner room - the views of the city are spectacular.A short walk to Michigan Avenue. Excellent service from the valets, concierge, lobby agents, and waitstaff in the restaurants. The food in the restaurants was great and room service wasn't too shabby either.Well worth the money! 
Z9VEHcWKgrePcivFacJo My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and enjoyed everything about the Hotel. Most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space, great jazz CD's in the room, wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The staff was very helpful with every request. The Amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry's, fruit's and jucie's. We also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta's for their guests. Would highly recommend this hotel. 
ZJPcamhCX9vGKcOJWFib Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave. 
ZMB92Meb6WdwfoW4TbTR Elegant and modernized hotel with great staff. Location is wonderful. The health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout. I will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices.
ZORHgcbBIW6Ubnum5w6r Any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth: eventually the lodging deteriorates. But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time! I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades. Yes, changes have been made, like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance, most recently. But other things have gone downhill. For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service. Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions. This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott, but not this less-than-maintained lodging. I, personally, am shopping for a new home away from home.
ZTRsbUxgzRMHggCtMkhq I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are. For my wife and I, we enjoy the warmer colors. Cleanliness along with excellent staff, made me feel away from home yet relaxed. Being right Downtown was perfect for location. The suites are very quiet as well. I surprised my wife with the "Shopping Package". What a hit! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown !!
ZXFDhQKvVKcvYRqVtGjS My fiance and I had taken a trip to Chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to Downtown, so he chose the Amalfi Hotel, located conveniently to everything we needed. This place was phenomenal!!! He chose a romantic getaway package, as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever. The hotel is super clean and very chic; the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb. We were able to bring along our dog, which was also really important to us. The first day we were there, we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple's massage. The masseuses come straight to your room so it's really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great. After our massages, we went to the Keefer Steakhouse, which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic. They do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the Rocket grill, which was nice as well. In all, our 3 nights there were pretty similar, we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there; I've recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the Windy City.
ZYDUlqIossYOjjQbo6Kp The room was very spacious with very nice, colorful decorating. The beds felt like lying on a cloud, and there were four pillows on each bed, two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better. The bathroom was very nice also. Overall, I was very pleased with the stay. You had to show your room key to get in after ten p.m. I thought that was a good security issue. It has a great location too, close to downtown. I would recommend it. The decorations were very classy. Most hotels have two of the same framed art, boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows. The Hyatt Regency was just the opposite.
ZZS41s0ham9QdxOGg7ZB I choose the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago because I called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of Chicago. Well, when we arrived, it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service (which it had been since Tuesday, this was Saturday). Once we finally got to the 6th floor to check in, I figured our relaxing time had begun. Well, we got our room key and headed for the17th floor. Again, waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room. I put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - Yup we got double booked. The family was very nice and seemed OK with their surprise visitors. Said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the 6th floor registration to figure the mess out. We have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed. Made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation. I did get an apology and a new room. New key in hand waited AGAIN for an elevator to bring us to the 9th floor for a new room. FINALLY got to our room only to find it was a king suite. We are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys. There was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa. So, REALLY annoyed now, I called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though I had specifically asked for two beds when I booked. It said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when I checked in. She went so far to but TWO BEDS on my reservation paper work. The operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor. The only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area. Now, I paid a total of 349.00 for one night for this room. We got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal. I am pretty sure my next trip to Chicago will not include this hotel. I can tell you that we are frequent HWS/Hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future.
ZfvrDCdTYNkOV1sLbOVy This place was absolutely foul. From the minute I walked in, I knew making a reservation here was a mistake. The person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like I was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in. The room we requested (a room with double beds) was not available. They told me that when I made the reservation, requesting double beds was a "request" and not a "guarantee." What's the point of making a reservation, then? When we got to the room, the room was totally gross. The decor was dated, the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy. The bathroom had spots and stains all over it. I hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets. The "complimentary" fitness area was a joke. One broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells. Thanks but no thanks. We will definitely not return.
ZkvWgPqn5QRA6hNAhv53 I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location, but things went downhill in a hurry. The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds, they told me that "only king bed rooms were available at the time", and there was nothing they could do about it. The room itself was a nightmare. It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement. There was also a huge problem with my television, in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so. I complained about these problems, but very little was done. The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets, but the quality was only marginally improved. Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel, but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel.
Zn0q5lLJS4sWwj95fG3F I was visiting Chicago for a christening with my fiance. I was impressed with this hotel from the moment I checked in. The lobby was exceptionally modern with color and furnishings. Front desk staff was pleasant and helpful, especially Susan, who quickly suggested and reserved a table for us at Keefer's Steakhouse for a late dinner. The room itself was fabulous. Extremely comfortable King sized bed, dual head shower, breathtakingly beautiful views of the city, I couldn't ask for more. After a great nights sleep we awoke to a great FREE breakfast right outside our room! Next we enjoyed a couple's massage and I was treated to a facial as my fiance took a short run through the city. After a day full of shopping we retired to our room and ordered room service that was on time and delicious. Unfortunately we checked out the next day, because I could have stayed there forever. I fully recommend the Amalfi Hotel Chicago for everyone interested in a superior stay. It is truly a beautiful and well appointed hotel.
Zn8vbRC7nCosJ8FqEE3k I chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews. Boy, were these reviews wrong!! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors. I was not greeted by the receptionist, it was like I wasn't even there. My room was NOT ready for me when I got there, even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time, then once I was allowed to go to my room, it was filthy! It was as if they didn't even clean it, so I don't know what the hold up was. There were no towels, shampoo or soap in the bathroom. The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub! The place was the most disgusting place I've ever been to, and it is supposed to be one of the nicest! It should be the nicest for the price they charge. I do not recommend staying here! Stay at your own risk!!
ZqoJ0qk3RrNvABDQpurJ This hotel was not at all what I expected it would be. The website and it's pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in. The amenities were not what I was looking for, and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there. My AAA membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels. The staff was not very friendly or helpful when I had questions about the area, and they were not very prompt when responding to requests. I understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while I was there, but they need to have more staff on hand if they cannot provide their hotel guests with quality service. I don't think I will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon.
ZquUmS0gN5ayBvHsEcdR I expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74, the closet is 24" wide, all old/dirty brass fixtures, beds that are a little bigger than a twin, showerheads that barely put out water, then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's, but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again.
ZtYOvM8SCT0A89nXpy8S Having traveled to Chicago on business once before, I was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip. After some research, I decided that the Palmer House Hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay. And, in a way, it was perfect -- perfectly awful. After reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel's website, I was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary. However, my standard guest room, which the hotel's website describes as "deluxe," was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms I had stayed in at budget chain hotels, not pricier historic hotels, such as this one. The carpeting looked dingy, so I had to wear shoes or slippers any time I walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that I had from my window. In addition, the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long. Everything cost extra, including the gym, the pool and the spa, and the restaurant prices were outrageous. This hotel is overpriced, overrated and definitely subpar. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
Zyoc5fc3o9aai7qDrx2C Hyatt Regency Hotel: Good ole Downtown, Chicago. Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers. Well, when we got to our room, one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times. Upon setting up the channel scanning which, the reception came in fuzzy all around, there was an interattive ethernet feature that after, lost in confusion of how to work it, provided us with our first fee! The pool was in bad shape. The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities.. just knock knock knock. We let em' right in as they started vacuuming. One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon's Bible had crib notes. What a room! Not to mention what the hotel was like! Oh geez.
a15w3S2InCvZ2I4eDYOh I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago. The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it. The room was absolutely stunning! First of all, it was so spotless and clean. The design of it was beautiful! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even. The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor. There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available. There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too. The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly. I didn't have any problems at all but if I did I'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge! I can't wait to go back to this hotel. It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation! 
a1Jj1ogb6QUSrixebauH Last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago. When looking for a hotel we weren't all that interested in price, but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown. I did some research and and came across the Amalfi Hotel Chicago. What sparked my interest was it's location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments. Located in Chicago's river north area, it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours, both of which were fantastic! After a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments. My wife got the whole works (facial, manicure and pedicure, and hot stone massage therapy), while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day! For dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Harry Caray's Italian Steakhouse. Best steak I've ever had, hands down. When we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed, put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful 32 inch HDTV's. For anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of Chicago, I would recommend The Amalfi Hotel Chicago to anyone. They offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more. 
aCGb5EEOyL4sBbS7H6VN My stay at the Hyatt Regency was an experience that I'll never ever forget - not in a good way. Check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant. I went up to my room and looked around, all seemed ok at first. I was bushed so I flopped on the bed... ohhhhh noooooo! The bed was as hard as a military bunk from my Army days. But I was so tired that I just passed out. Of course I woke up with a back ache...great. I figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so I plugged the tub, turned the hot water on full force, and poured in some shower gel. I put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm. I called the front desk but they were no help, the clerk just apologized. Frustrated at this point, I turned on the tv and switched on the air. I put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and I saw something slimy inside of the vent. It looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something. I couldn't take anymore of this. I went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk. It seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized, no empathy as if he's used to hearing about the goop in the ac. He offered me a free night but there is no way that I'd stay at this place again - ever.
aGCRJmYbMzt8paG4HVBC This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
aHM0RzoatsDyPuCl5bSG When I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel, my first thought was ,"wow this is very yellow", and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day, no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse. my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in. It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms. i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms.
aNNPWnYj90AsJTKzEHhH My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well. 
aNdVeFF840QLUrgDZOBN Wow! I have been to many hotels as a business man, and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels. But wow, this hotel was great. The staff was prompt, the room was extremely clean, and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine. I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things. Usually I have to pay 5$ for a stupid toothbrush, but not here! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental. I was very worried about the Chicago area's reputation of bad hotels, but this turned out just great. Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago, I know where I am staying! 
aQPg6qXmPxNGmzDR2gGO We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel, than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff, just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff, no greetings, no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area, and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel.
aS0QhUH3IwhE1aV8V7et Having come to Chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days, the Hotel Allegro Chicago filled every bit of my checklist. We arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms; we both had the "double double deluxe". The rooms were gorgeous, well taken care of, clean, comfortable, well decorated and luxurious. The hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we didn't even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day. The hotel has great staff, they were always attentive to our needs. My favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - I am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great! Stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of Chicago's hustle and bustle!
aVVG41fBjojVipZnLt4O This hotel was wonderful! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it! Pros: THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF!!! -Helpful: Knew great places to eat and HOW to get there Breakfast: Pastries, coffee, tea, muffins, etc: Fresh Drinks + hors d'oeuvres: Yummy!! Rooms -Clean -Well decorated Lots of people of different ages stayed there Cons: Very very very far from the museums 
aWDAJ4cJ8TiyU9nrqf1m THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC. I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona, and could not believe the great quality of the hotel. I'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite. Really polite staff, great housekeeping, and amazing prices. On my way out, I was telling the manager about how much I'd loved the hotel, and he even offered me an extra night there! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.
aYHveUa5OE9RxQK6enPj The Swissotel is totally understaffed and lacking any charm or atmosphere. It was clean, comfortable and had great views but if you wanted to check-in, use the concierge, check-out, or report a problem to the front desk, forget about it. I booked this place through Priceline.COM so I can't complain too much as I didn't pay a lot for the room but I have stayed at 4 star hotels in the past as well as another Swissotel. It left a lot to be desired. The minibar fridge in my room didn't work so forget about a cold beer. Also, the internet/movie/guest services console didn't work so I had to go to the business office to access the internet. When it was time to checkout the console still wasn't working. It's better than the Holiday Inn but way below expectations for a 4 star hotel
aYtrIo3LdMPolZxVTExH There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile. The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail. The quality of service was excellent, the staff professional, and the location was perfect. There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms. The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave. There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city. There really weren't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
abM7p5IY60ufRZf5DjR1 I haven't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon. The staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was close to being 4 stars; however, fell a little short. It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom. The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush. I'm not a germ freak or anything; however, I really don't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I don't have to. The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention (FCCLA) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it. The noise at night from every direction. The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party. Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic. With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another, absolutely ridiculous. The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo. During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn't anything they could do. ...read more
afwaltRLblb6802NTnR7 A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms. The decor was lovely. My daughter and I spent 5-nights here, saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town. Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours. The room description boasted of safe's large enough to accomodate a laptop, so I brought mine. I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room (and not in mine). As a side note, I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area... even the 7-11. 
ajmBXI8pM4qghnSGT15m Did not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Firstly, the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful. There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle. Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out, the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees. Considering I paid well over $250 per night for the Romance package reservation, it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon.
amFFEwIj7m1SJNRoaZAY went to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they beds and pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called "Orange" which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning. 
apm5znSNgEa6LHNlKIPT This is an older hotel, and the age shows. Rooms are small, and a bit drab. Bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade. Bed was comfortable, though, and the room was quiet, Hotel staff was polite, but not really interested in the guest. Even the concierge was disinterested. Check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line. Really, a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better. The hotel really didnt seem to be trying.
aquP7MwyGTtM1CmKxsql After reading the reviews & getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed & pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done & did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel. 
awLMXQCaDHQVx55fduXV Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here, try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!)
azL2WTvIx1wh7ZA9MgUZ My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration.
bATRUk2doPjX6PzwOXzt I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it. 
bBfyHNwO91pL17qxvCXg My parents booked five nights at The James for its location and good reviews. They had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff. They sent engineers three times to repair the unit, and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn't, under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty. At my parents' request, the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort. The hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room. Don't book this hotel in the summer. And by the way, there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings.
bC1d9j43L9nLBOFz9KCV I was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. It was actually beyond our budget, but my husband and I needed a weekend away, so I decided to splurge for the occasion. WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER!!! Our room was smaller than pictured online, and it looked like the maid didn't vacuum the carpet! We visited the hotel restaurant, Angels and Kings, one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband's steak was cooked wrong (he ordered medium, but received a well-done steak). By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave, but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out. Chicago was a fun city, but next time we return I'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too!!
bCgfLo3b5cOtk5B5DLjc While overall a decent property, the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights, checking out on Monday, March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet, my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival, and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager, Mike Yunan, didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel, Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me, the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company, Travelers, which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability, nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage, which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in, but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location, contradicting the garage manager. In the end, this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee, rental car expenses, several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue, and one gigantic headache. In the end, do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel, and take your business elsewhere if at all possible.
bDv66NpTVLKqFgtllGAy Great hotel in heart of Chicago for business or pleasure. Rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large. Flat screen TVs, marble baths, all rooms are suites, great desk, kitchenette, comfortable bed, free wireless internet... everything you could ask for. Location is easy walk to Magnificient Mile and lots of great restaurants. Staff is friendly and helpful. Short cab ride to Loop. 
bEi9CBscA98dgqyUVpjH We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it. 
bHUu8JxgZOeU71th5dZo What's not to like? --> Problems getting the room you actually reserved: I had to call this hotel three times and email four times in order to insure that we actually got the room we had reserved. --> Overcharging. They charge for everything here. Wireless. The Fitness Center. The Business Center. I've only run into one other hotel that ever charged for use of the fitness center. Note to the Intercontinental: If you're going to charge for something that is commonly included, you should advertise that fact. What's next? Charging for sheets on the bed? --> Very poor customer service. The staff does not communicate in full sentences, or wait to hear your answer. This is Chicago, not New York. How about a little Midwestern patience?
bKGO7KNHVyJZ7PdCFAhH After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago, I left the city with an empty pocket book. I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific, i didn't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus. I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu. When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras' included in the package i purchased. One other thing, the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
bOzgJt2ebli92m2z0qql my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here. 
bP4MiZNB25Q8D1SoxJcB The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting, and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were, that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again.
bU3iRNyVcUpMgRznpxdp Fantastic Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself!
bUEo3gYPyjalwJdaZsZm We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river. 
bVOyC9uIme2cDCwmwgym We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back. 
bWGXixVWdGUiUjZPEF9U We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel. 
bYXSaXc8wvcDe0W415O7 The hotel is beautiful. It is an excellent location. There was a few minor issues. The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd. There were charges for almost everything, although I did not incur any of these. Our room was a little small for the class of hotel, but not overwhelmingly small. Not a true complaint, but the elevators were very slow. My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip, and the Intercontinental's were significantly slower. That's it, no more little nit picks. The staff was excellent, the doormen being the highlight. The hotel bar was also very nice. The hotel was immaculately clean. I would definitely travel to this hotel again. 
bZGL8NItnUSjjLOb0gSZ When most people think Hilton, they think luxury. I know I did. I only wish I'd been half right. Upon arriving, I was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely. Not a very auspicious start, but they did find me another room. Granted, the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building. But, fine. I was willing to let this slide. I didn't want to be difficult. In the following days of my stay, it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the Hilton very undeserving of the term, luxury hotel. Noisy neighbors. Rude staff. If the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout, I doubt my sheets were changed even once. Next time I'll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper. The service couldn't possibly be worse.
bcEGNm7arpOhP8Ou9sKX I recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago. Sure, it looks nice, but it's really just a smoke screen. I went to the clerk to check in and she was VERY rude to me. I was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that I need to go find a phone book and ask someone else. She also encoded my key wrong, so I had to have it redone. I finaly get to my room, only to discover it was a mess. The sheets were thrown on the floor, the curtains were wide open and to top it all off, the toliet hadn't been flushed. It was horrible. I called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up, but I was told they were on break. Whatever thoguh, I cleaned up myself. The night progresses and I awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door. Some guy said that I was in HIS room. It baffled me, but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up. They had given his the wrong room. I couldn't take one more day of all the bull. I checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to Chicago. I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE.
bh14da3R4vEvZGZXDyjs We stayed for two nights for a meeting. It is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean. The service was very good, as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable. The rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses. The restaurant has good seafood, but was a bit expensive. We would come back again. 
biqZTrnQWOjUOSfgxvlW First let me say wonderful!! My wife and i were refered this Hotel by a friend. After traveling to Chicago many time we have had many experiences good and bad with different hotels. We were amazed with the Knickerbocker, we felt like royalty from our first step on the property. Everyone was willing to make our stay rememberable. This Hotel made a routine trip to Chicago a dream Vacation. I can not wait to return...
bkE9suBrx6c6aOgpdnFH The Good - excellent location, neighborhood is pretty and quiet, close to shops, restaurants, the waterfront, close to train/subway station, etc The Bad - Very old decor, which isn't a big deal, but the tv was smaller than my PC monitor. We were supposed to have a king bed (anniversary trip) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened. The shower/tub was stopped up so bad that after I showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower. Who wants to shower in someone else's dirty water even if it is your wife. The indifferent - room was a decent size, bed linens were okay, staff was mediocre to marginally rude
blu0TZUxrZsP0SL5nGvt The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding, making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up, wifi is not included. The staff was very slow, I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird, the bathroom opened facing the bed, rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control, even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed, had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
boayn27ICdAiqmxY7J9B My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent, accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk, but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman, Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations. 
bp4XLAhsy2bm8ZGVUbML I would not stay at this hotel again. The rooms had a fowl odor. It seemed as though the carpets have never been cleaned. The neighborhood was also less than desirable. The housekeepers seemed to be snooping around while they were cleaning the rooms. I will say that the front desk staff was friendly albeit slightly dimwitted.
btyYtWdxIKItc9iS4IkD I arrived at the hotel 15 minutes prior to check in time as they recommend. When I get there I noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in. Ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase, the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software. She told us to wait until the computers booted back up. I asked if I could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they couldn't activate the cards. Finally another 20 minutes later the computers were up and I finally got my room. Wheres the "luxury" in waiting 35 minutes for a room? They also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me "allegro."
bu932BrANILDZYK5ki2b The pictures on this website sure are deceiving! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning! Now, granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip. It wasn't! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don't even drink, no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time, so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip. We had to spend $50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we'd planned! And then it wasn't as good because the tour guide wasn't there and we got lost! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one. It was terrible! I certainly won't be staying here again!
burGC4nsmuq6ZGNABPtL Well located and well staffed. The Amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay. It lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by. Free continental breakfast and evening cocktail. 
bxfcTaEsOxVNhOHmOztB We brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks. We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early. 
c2rRfGVLUdl79B53ZZeG My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
c6UMu4YF1H6gBwCxCVgy My company was hosting a seminar at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, IL. Each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel. My room had an incredible view of downtown Chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern. My husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while I attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms. On Saturday night, my company held a ball in the Crystal Ballroom. The food was excellent, the hotel chefs were the best. The servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner. Our overall stay at Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel will be forever in my memory. It was a fun filled weekend with great food, clean rooms, excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want! We will definitely be staying here again! 
c6oSDrn4OsyJsBdp0FPD I decided to book at the Amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on TA. I was blown away by the reviews for the Amalfi on TA and decided to check it out. I was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and I was not disappointed. I asked to be put in a quiet room because I was having an interview the next day. The room was very quiet and in a great location, but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and I could hear people running on the treadmill during the day. However, it quieted down at night and I could not hear anything. The rooms were enormous for Chicago and I was pleased!!! The hotel provided free breakfast which was good, free internet, and free gym access. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Magnificient Mile and I walked there everyday to do shopping. I have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly. I wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was. All in all, I plan to stay at the Amalfi anytime I visit Chicago in the future. 
cAedZtXlBM447BrfG1bz We were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills. Our room was such a pleasant surprise, from the flat screen TV, the full size shower with rain showerhead & hand held shower wand, the wall attached toilet with flushing options (on the wall), the comfortable bed, the lovely lighting options, etc.. The size of the room was snug, and very comfortable, as would be, in a historic hotel. It was also quiet, and I know that the hotel was sold out. My sister was in the room next door. We did not hear her TV. We also loved walking less than a block, to the shopping and restaurants on North Michigan Avenue. 
cC8xHdki5bQ2ZzqZAkGe I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle. The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring. Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room. The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all. I did request a replacement of the wall wire, but it did no help. This hotel can do better than this. With a 5 star rating, it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but, was just a mediocre experience for me. Even the bed covers were not that special. Needs more intense management. Next time, I will try the Trump facility Thanks
cQWevjHxhCFgHcvK6oRf Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. I travel a lot for my job, and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for. Four star hotel? Yeah right! I wish I could give it negative stars I don't even know where to begin. Normally with these reviews I try to outline the aspects that stood out, but it's just so overwhelmingly bad. Anyhow, here it goes: To begin with, the customer service stank. You think you've seen rude service people before? Well, this is customer service stuff of nightmares. I had a reservation, but I still had to wait for 30 minutes (yes, I counted) for someone just to pay attention to me. When she did, finally, she was chewing gum. No visible uniform or name tag. Clearly didn't want to be here. She took one glance at my reservation, didn't enter anything into the computer at all, and told me that they couldn't accept it, because the date had already passed. WHAT? The date for the reservation I had written down was *that day.* I was furious. After a 20 minute shouting match, and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry I could scream, they finally, grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer, so that I could book my room. Then, there was the room itself. On first glance, it appeared clean, but a closer inspection revealed: black mold on the bathroom ceiling, a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking *brown* water, a minibar which was picked at, the remnants looking like they had been there for several years, and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it. The pillowcases also looked yellowed, but I couldn't decide if I was beginning to see things, I was already so upset with the place. After an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were, apparently, elephants, I can easily say that I would NEVER go back to that hotel again. Ever. Not if somebody payed me.
cX6JtlVuwnRR3bsp7d6v My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again. 
cdP0bdHMCiIzizBAVDTY We booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds. When we got to the hotel, not only did they not have a room for us (we pre-paid!), but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online, they could only give us what was available. The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us. If you book online - beware! You may not get what you paid for. They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room.
cdV5h3XfAwo1ZRZ7ospJ This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago, and while the location is not bad, the rooms are definitely hit or miss. They range from the super basic "affordable" room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford. With so many different room options, it's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm. The hotel has a decent pool, but the health club is extra per day, as are many other services at the hotel. You'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ($160 up to multiple hundreds) that more things would be included! Additionally, the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful. I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here. If I were to return to Chicago again, I'd definitely try out staying somewhere else.
ceEgjP5NCOksGy8RzCQn While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family, we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. What a great decision! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities. And, according the younger members of the family, "very cool"! We can't wait to come back.
cel7mzzoFcPHE283Yp6Z I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel, Chicago. The hotel sells itself as being stylish, sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city. I would have been better off anywhere else. I was not impressed with the interior, finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste. I guess 'stylish' might be modern in some people's minds, but not mine. Also, luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical. When I made my way to reception, I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website. I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room, and thought the extra space would come in handy. When I proceeded to check in, the girl at the desk told me, while smacking gum, that I had no reservation. I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong, even though I had spelled it out for her. She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference, all of the executive suites had already been allocated, but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room. Correct me if I am wrong, but this is a step down from the room I had asked for! Surely if you give away my room, you should try to compensate me with something better! I said that no, I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office, and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available, and that if I wanted to switch the following evening, I would be welcome to do that. The room was ok, although, again, I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt. I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services, but found them sadly lacking. Some comments on the services: the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect, and also a per day fee which borders on extortion! There was free wifi in the lobby, but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air, plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out. I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels, but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived. The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using, were closed for cleaning when I went up. Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items, which is not what I would have expected for the money. All in all, I would say your money is better spent elsewhere.
cjUD8cE2KwIn1WvnrjFj Stayed here for two days in the first week in January, when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly, decor is modern, and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast, which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives, breads, cheeses and meats, marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in, fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L', and quiet, despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago, stay here. 
ckPzCqPYH44FgMCxKQkr I never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!!
cmoY23nKtmnUErWFIat5 Our third stay at the Homewood Suites Chicago proved to be just as great as the previous two. The staff are consistently friendly, polite and professional - and this applies whether they are working at the front door, servicing the rooms, managing the breakfast room or on the reception desk. They genuinely seem happy to be working here and can't do enough for their guests. The rooms are large and clean and seem to have good insulation from each other (we didn't hear a thing from our neighbours and the hotel was quite busy). The hotel is well placed for walking to the shops on Michigan Ave, or catching a bus or subway. There is a Jewel Osco and a Trader Joes each within a couple of blocks, which are perfect for stocking up on groceries etc. My husband heartily recommends 'Binnies Beverage Depot' for a huge variety of beer. Now all we need is an excuse to return to Chicago next year - then we can make it four years on the run at the Homewood Suites, because we wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
cr7D4tCq22PGhP7E71i8 Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website, I arrived tired from Ireland, to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night, but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day, I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course, the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back. 
ctyRbsg7sCwZJFHnAoMJ My husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary. We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel's brochure intrigued us. Boy were wee wrong! Upon arrival (at the given and advertised check-in time) our room was not ready. We waited for more than an hour, with our bags in hand. We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready, but the staff was less than "warm" both times. After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels' lobby, tired and finally arriving to our room, we expected to take a nap and hit the city. We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought. We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline. Yeah, right! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building. In addition, the water in the shower had little pressure. We called the front desk, the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered. My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling. We requested a better room, but they said that none was available. However, they did have an upgraded room, but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee. We could not believe it. My husband felt that we should not "agitate" them any further, for fear that they might make things even worse for us: like turn off our air. We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before. After returning about 2 hours later, the water pressure was fixed. The room was clean and the bed was plush, but the overall experience (especially the rudeness of the staff) was not good. Let's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we won't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there.
cw5HcMud996ZWuB3ASW3 My friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago. Lets just say we were thankful we didn't have to spend much time in the room. The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way. The furniture was worn and outdated. The place was gross and just wasn't worth the money we spent on it. The only redeeming quality was the door man, we was very nice and helpful.
cwd3GaTIhHEPv3jy7ZSS The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay (i.e. nightmare) at the Palmer House Hilton. I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business. When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk. This lady (if one can really call this beast that) was aggressive and rude from the get go. She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there. My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation. I informed "Brenda" that I had never cancelled my reservation. We had originally booked 2 rooms (one for me and one for colleague) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later. She huffed and puffed and finally said, oh okay, I read it wrong but we don't have a room for you. My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day. As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain, I was furious. She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked. She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes, coming back with a smirk on her face. She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100%. The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown, closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had, a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days. I was outraged. No, I'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible. I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells. Additionally, there was no upgrade at all during my stay there. I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles, their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call. The net outcome: I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card. Don't make the mistake of dealing with this property. You will be very, very sorry. Thanks for reading all this. Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel.
cwknV5xnfZYzDdqCY7xF I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation. All I can say is WOW! A fantastic experience all around. First off, the hotel is magnificent, the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least. Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks, to the cleaning staff, to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly. The rooms themselves are fantastic, perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation. The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours. As usual, it had wifi, which was ultra cheap and very very fast. Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton!
czybREtiR3TEWXw4dOYd Conrad Chicago it was 5:00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC/heater unit and it was good. Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect! The room was a perfect 68 degrees. I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was... perfect! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I didn't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great. I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I don't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much. Then came dinner time perfect. I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i'm going to miss that hotel 10/10!
d3u6rclgxeXmszqEVZFi My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much!
d6QbkD6JCY0FTvX5lXNB I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive). Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel. If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.
dBlpfBvZUr5p5M3j9HBO The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay.
dCZJGoHJCSbSVSisdXgD The hotel was very nice; Service was great, everyone was very friendly. The room was very elegant and classy. The bed was so comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system. Not bad. Overall I had a great experience; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room, I left here well rested and happy. 
dJoSVtbLLBLi654zxosE I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in mid-March and was so disappointed with everything. The room was small, the carpets in the looby were smelly, no bathtub in the washroom and view of brick walls from the windows. Not even free internet which even the cheapest hotels offer these days. It costs $10/day to connect to internet. If you want to use internet in the lobby, minimum charge is $5 per use. To use the phone in the rooms for local calls, it is $1.25/15mins and then 10 cents every min. Even the local calls are charged, what a rip off!!! Every hotel I have stayed at offers free intercontinetal breakfast, of course no such thing at this hotel. No indoor pool, go figure. I won this from bidding process at priceline, I will be reluctant to use this service and this hotel in future.
dNr37N5UoqilGS5qvQZz Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used? what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto). i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her. shame on us, actually!
dRSzES0eCBay44Sw9PH4 Though grand and having a brand, this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts. 1. Staff seemed snooty and arrogant. 2. Request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests.The initial room was very small. 3. for the cost paid I would expect a coffee maker, free internet service at the least which even regular B&Bs offer. 4.They will levy charges on each and everything.Complete rip off Other things matched the Grandeur.Cleanliness and location was good, but the staff made my stay unpleasant.
dSQqT7sbeITInl5OITE9 Outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade! When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found. Other reviewers remarked that this hotel "needs updating," but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.) There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas. Niftyc
dY8gf8dI3iYpmLFVIus2 I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though, is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor, with an old sink, and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror, it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also, the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also, the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco, Hard Rock, or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice.
dgEKxYDMeDaMejaGKHR9 I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children. While the room was comfortable, I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children. The main reason for this was the dining. While the in house restaurants had children's options, there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal. Anyone with children knows that you don't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times. This was especially true since we were traveling. We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed. However, our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants. This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package.
diYTt4opOkGlRZJFFr88 Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel. It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining, minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids, I was made to feel like royalty. A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions. Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action, but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions. I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night, my impression of the Ambassador would not change. Highly, highly recommended. 
dk5tQrtCM1en5ZAVXCAN We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel! Service was excellent, especially the maid service. Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily. The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling. The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores. I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation.
dt0CGTtnvAGuDeZR11yd We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring. 
dvIS0pggBVCt40LdHgxD The Hotel Allegro in Chicago is understated luxury. I love the minimalist decor, and the linens were quality and exquisite. You can't beat the location, either, it's located in the heart of the theatre district. Walking distance to all the great restaurants in Chicago! They also offer an in-room spa service, which is pure decadence. I chose to indulge in the Eucalyptus Mani/pedi. It was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure I have had in my life (135 dollars) but it was a wonderful experience. The eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer.
dzIO1MFriB5btCZFAIys This was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean. 
e55gWmN5ULtNypgCpgYJ My husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise.
eAJjCWTiMct2frdWqRXv Chicago is my favorite city visit. I wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the Swissotel. It is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of Chicago. I wanted to share my new love. It was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the Chicago Art Institute it was a long walk, full of detours, and it was not easy to grab a cab. While the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean. The Room Service was slow, the food arrived cold, and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got. I do not think I have ever experienced the level of noise in such a "grand hotel" as the Swissotel seems. I would not recommend the Swissotel because disappointment, noise, and cold food should just not cost that much.
eEcESGBA9sKZFJerTgF9 I booked a room at Swissotel Chicago because I thought the price was reasonable, and at the base price it was; however, it ended up costing more than I had planned for, as you have to pay for parking and other amenities. The service was not very good, considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel. There was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so, and the staff were cold. All in all, I would say it was an average experience... not luxurious like they claim it to be.
eFcsQqjFurwNNTFhNJOt We stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business, part family fun trip in July. We were very impressed with the location, within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping, inlcuding Water Tower Place (a great mall!). We were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size. The bedspreads were filthy and so thin. The room decor is in dire need of an upgreade. The bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew. The shower actually had mold in the corners! This was a very tight squeese for 4 people. Especially the bathroom. The beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable. Even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit 6 people! Thank goodness there were a few elevators. Luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price. The only upside was the great location. Also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle! Millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab!
eGQKSzkanAkIlKIos6gh We booked a room at the Hilton Chicago for two nights to stay the weekend, but upon arrival our reservation could not be found. I even provided the hotel with our confirmation number, but it still wasn't available! Fortunately, another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us. Once we settled into our room for the night (after a long flight), there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom. Apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival. Needless to say, with both of these poor experiences in just one night, I will be hesitant to EVER stay in this hotel again, let alone any other Hilton around. Please consider someplace else before the Hilton Chicago!
eImrDM9zF5rOhBRzShXW Although the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago, it is somewhat expensive, starting at $200 per night. There are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler. The rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer. The carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas. The views from the rooms are not as great as they could be. The hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature. Although the hotel is located on Chicago's famous Michigan Avenue, it is a $40 taxi ride from O'Hare airport and a $36 taxi ride from Midway airport, both rather pricey options. If you chose to drive there, the valet parking charge is a hefty $53. Again, not very budget friendly. All in all, even though the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago is close to some of the major Chicago attractions, it is only an average hotel on many levels.
eLWhpWkuJe0lwYFdk1bY My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips. I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work (don't worry- he likes when I return with little "souvenirs" for him, too). Aside from the lovely city of Chicago, this hotel was just amazing! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired! The staff was genuine and friendly, all while being professional and prompt. We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room. Too tired to really take it in, we were in bed and asleep in minutes. The beds were quite welcoming! It wasn't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel! It's gorgeous! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated! The lobby somehow didn't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before, but it was just lovely! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant. Sushi is one of my husband's favorites, so he tends to be picky. They passed the test according to him! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality. Of our two night stay there, the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels (I use a lot of towels I suppose). However, a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones. This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay! Overall-- we'd love to go there again! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa... *wink* 
eSGMIwQwhY8kKcsPvGNK You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!
eYyzyKOFune3cXKFh83U This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago. It is ideal for the corporate executive. Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean. The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience. While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city, which is picturesque especially at night, when the city lights come on. The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive!
ecFLGWVsMrFCQn1Vckpx Other reviews complain about the small rooms. For a major city, we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings. One feature we liked is the ability to open the window. The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the $116 we paid on Hotwire, we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago. 
ecaGfc6gKRr2q0kFcqkv The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding, fancy decorations, beautiful lobby, etc. However, they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in, I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar, only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime, I said, great, but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service, without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain, I was made to feel cheap. To me, it was not the money, it was the principle. The next morning, my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called, and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it), and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill, but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also, when they fixed the minibar fridge, they did not replace anything in it. The guy said, it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh, really? How about the warm beer, that was once cold, that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in, it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off, and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful, without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta
eny92v0WZ72UsplavLlT Stayed 5 nights at this great hotel. Updated rooms. Clean. Used Tim to book theater and dinning reservations. Provided excellent service. Close to subway, shopping and dinning. Excellent value. Free wireless internet and access to nearby health club very nice perks. Highly recommend it. Future concern is adjacent construction of condos. Not a problem while we were there but something to ask front desk about in the future. 
eps3TfYeLqwqNEbznZHo The Swissotel Chicago is a delight to visit. Located in downtown Chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste. They have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite. Rooms have exceptional views of downtown Chicago. This hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment. Other places to stop by to eat is the Palms, Geneva and the Lobby Lounge.
eqHYwfIeM29HmeCj50q8 I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip. I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade. All I can say is, "What upgrade?" It's barely anything above what you get normally. And for the price I paid, I was expecting much better acommodations. Because I arrived around 10:30 the night I checked in (delayed flight) I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10. I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet. Beyond that, it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room. First it was a room mix-up, then it was a missing key card. That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning. Speaking of the next morning, the complimentary breakfast was a joke. When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast, I'll stay at the next Super 8 I find. And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed. I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago. This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot.
erp5N0yaDATSWYVNvWKM When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later. 
esOX0kDcYHn7IyCctPFU Whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas. Most notably is cleanliness, as although the lobby was very clean, the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not. Dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways, and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time. The furnishings were nice and modern, but with various blemishes upon close inspection. Bathroom was relatively clean, with the exception of the shower. View was nice for this particular room, and service was relatively quick. The food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue. This time with the glasses which were stained, the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel. I will not make the mistake of staying here again.
et3rntWPrLSocqKKcPCT Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
et6Ft2ZCyC567nasnaCG This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.
euaDIzRJvARe5bbmMSBk After arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery. My room reservations had been double booked, and instead of the suite I expected, I was given a much smaller guest room. Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches. The dining left me wishing for fast food. The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer.
eusUu9WvmCg6PtkBtNvP I have traveled to Chicago many times for business, and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons. There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton, but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel. It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs. The carpets were old, there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, towels and linens were older than I expected, the rooms were in need of some redecorating, etc. during the week I was paying $349 per night for a room, and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price. One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good. Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs, weights, etc. location is also quite good (perhaps the reason for the high price) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river. In summary, I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago.
ezftiBVSCAlSp7gm2Nfa When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising. Gorgeous chairs, staff at the desk focusing on their job, and a clean, well decorated hotel room. Much to my, and my wallet's dismay I found quite the opposite. I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed, and found the clerk reading a magazine. It must have been a fascinating article, as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation, or would be making one. I said I had one, and gave him the voucher I'd printed out. He checked it, and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out, he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night. I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep. The clerk offered to walk me to my room, saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep. I accepted, and followed him to my new room. He carried the briefcase I had with me, but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free. He ushered me into my room, setting the briefcase down inside, and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything. I thanked him and closed the door. It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying. What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6" apart, covered in ruffled blankets and sheets. The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently. A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap, not even the complementary ones were left behind. I got ready for bed, and looked around for the TV remote, which it turned out, had no batteries in it. Instead, I just turned out the lights and rolled over, sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option. In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out. I'd had enough of the hotel after one night. The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill. $240 for my room, and an extra $80 with a note about a baggage service. I asked her about it, and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service. I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up, and riding the elevator, and she said it was unusual, but not unheard of. She offered to change it to a "mere" $20 and handed me a slip with a phone number, name, and reason for the disagreement, saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it. I did so, and left, my wallet $260 lighter, and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep.
f0UplngB5MbPdOinzK6H I am writing in regards to our stay April 22-24. We were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay. There was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay. My husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival...it wasn't. When he called to place the order again, it never showed up. We were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a 3rd time. Our room was very small, drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for. We had called to request a room with a large tub, similar to the ones in the photos, prior to our arrival, noting that we didn't mind an upgrade cost. Instead, the tub was incredibly small. We have stayed at the Intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the Chicago location, especially considering we were celebrating such a happy, once-in-a-lifetime occasion. The service and amenities just didn't match up.
f1kbD35CIih1W8thqkCi Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends. The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was a plus, rooms were cozy and very clean. Would not hesitate to go back again. 
f2kridaWfrMFuGLgunGm Before booking this hotel, I did read the reviews, and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees, and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am, they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid, the beds were moist & the room very stuffy. Called again, they sent somone to fix it, & he recommended getting a new room, because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked, yet, after the maintenance man called, they suddenly had a room available, go figure? So they move us to another room, guess what, it is 85 degrees. Again, they told us to turn it down to 40, needless to say, it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot, and we stayed here one night, and it was awful!!. At check out, I had to re-tell our entire room issue, they actually ended up not charging us for the night, thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay, because we would never go back. Also, the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago, don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!
f2tq9g8Y4weinaoMrdO1 This hotel had a great location, but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke, dirty elevators, furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large, bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!
f9Ke2pC1iIC1aRCi3WAg Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand. My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary. After looking at several hotels in the "Magnificent Mile" territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad. The Conrad's website impressed us immediately. The pictures of the rooms were lovely, they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions, not that we were planning to watch much tv. We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system, I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system. In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September. My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online, most impressed with the view. It cost a pretty penny, more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations, but her happiness was worth it. Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad. Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife's purse when unloading the luggage. We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it. At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the aut